$6M for trails and bike lanes builds on ‘tremendous growth’ in cycling | Windsor Star	 Skip to navigation Skip to content News All News Local News National Election 2019 World Traffic Business All Business Local Business Energy Technology All Technology Gaming Internet Personal Tech Science Space Tech-Biz FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Hockey All Hockey NHL Detroit Red Wings Toronto Maple Leafs Football All Football NFL Detroit Lions CFL Baseball All Baseball Detroit Tigers Basketball All Basketball NBA NCAA Windsor Express Golf Golf Videos Soccer All Soccer International Soccer MLS Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies All Movies Movie Listings Television All Television TV Listings Music All Music NP Music Books Celebrity Life Milestones All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes All Homes Condos Decorating Gardening Renovating Vacation Homes Food All Food Local Food Reviews Recipes From the Vault Health All Health Diet & Fitness Family & Child Men Women Seniors Sexual Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Travel Obits Classifieds All Classifieds Flyercity Celebrating Browse Listings Place a Classifieds Ad Local Directory Careers Driving All Driving News Reviews Car Comparison Buyer’s Guide Subscription Life Health Diet & Fitness |Featured: Milestones Fit Tips Windsor In Pictures Kelly Steele | More Open Search Close Search Search Videos Sign In Sign Out Subscribe $6M for bike lanes, trails to build on 'tremendous growth' in cycling across Essex County Sharon Hill, Windsor Star Updated: March 22, 2019 With the CWATS Route sign up ahead, a Share the Road sign alerts motorists to do just that along Old Tecumseh Road in Lakeshore on March 21, 2019. Dan Janisse / Windsor Star Share Adjust Comment Print “Tremendous growth” in cycling on Essex County’s roads and multi-use trails made spending another $6 million on even more routes an easy choice this week. County council on Wednesday unanimously approved adding $3.7 million worth of bike lane and pathway projects to its County Wide Active Transportation System. That’s on top of the $2.26 million already approved in the county’s budget for rural paved shoulder projects. “It’s creating a whole new industry for us which is cycling tourism,” Essex County Warden Gary McNamara said Friday. “We’re starting to connect the dots, so to speak, and eventually we want to connect the whole county and all the trail systems.” John Scott, a Windsor cyclist who is the chairperson of the Share the Road Cycling Coalition in Ontario, emailed a letter to every county council member congratulating them on the investment. The former Town of Essex councillor remembers when wineries and other businesses started pushing for bike lanes years ago along County Road 50. Now, businesses such as Farm Dog Cycles and WindsorEats regularly sell out as a growing number of cycling tourists visit the wine route. “It became more than just a bunch of guys in spandex that wanted bike lanes,” Scott said Friday. A July count conducted at 66 spots across the County Wide Active Transportation System, called CWATS for short, found 57 per cent of the users were cyclists. Only four per cent of them were considered elite or advanced cyclists. There were families, recreational cyclists and migrant workers using the signed routes. It’s a great investment and now it’s really starting to gel The 102 hours of observational counts found 755 people used the system: 427 cyclists and 328 pedestrians. In both 2017 and 2018, the number of people on bicycles exceeded those on foot for the first time since 2015. “Cycling, in particular, has seen tremendous growth; between 2013 and 2018, the number of daily bike trips doubled,” said a report to council. The if-you-build-it-they-will-come cliche is unavoidable for McNamara. Once the county starting creating safer opportunities to walk or cycle to the nearest park, to work or to multi-use trails such as the Chrysler Canada Greenway, the usage increased, he said. “We certainly feel it’s a great investment and now it’s really starting to gel,” McNamara said. A County Wide Active Transportation System route sign is shown along Old Tecumseh Road in Lakeshore on Thursday. Dan Janisse / Windsor Star CWATS is an $80-million, 20-year plan to create 800 kilometres of multi-use trails, bike lanes and paved shoulders that will connect all seven county municipalities. So far about $20 million has been spent. The system links to the Herb Gray Parkway Trail so cyclists from Windsor (and eventually Detroit when the international crossing is finished) can get to the Chrysler Canada Greenway and associated trails to reach Leamington and the southern end of the county without travelling on a road. The $3.7 million of construction approved Wednesday means almost 10 kilometres of bike lanes, paved shoulders and multi-use trails will be added this year. The largest projects are the $1.45-million, 3.6-km paved shoulder route along County Road 50 from Evergreen Road to County Road 23 in southern Essex and the $1.35-million multi-use trail and paved shoulder in Lakeshore on County Road 2 from Wallace Line to Patillo Road. There’s three short sections of bike lanes being done in Leamington on Talbot Road and County Road 20 and a one-km bike lane in Amherstburg on Sandwich Street between Lowes Sideroad and Pickering Drive. Tecumseh will get a multi-use trail link on County Road 11 from North Talbot Road to Highway 401 and Kingsville is continuing to add room for cyclists on County Road 50 with a paved shoulder project near Ford Road. Related Windsor’s Herb Gray Parkway Trail officially opens for use $4.5M in bike lanes coming for Leamington, Kingsville and Essex Essex County winery touting world-class wines in Lake Erie North Shore region Rotary donation completes trail connection A free ride over the Gordie Howe for cyclists Benefitting local municipalities pay 60 per cent of the $3.7-million cost. The county covers the $2.26 million of rural paved shoulder projects since it does them with road improvements. So far, CWATS is a 400-km system, but more than half of it is long-distance signed routes awaiting upgrades. There are 83 km of multi-use trails, 87 km of paved shoulders, 7.9 km of separated cycle paths and 4.2 km of dedicated bike lanes, according to a report to council. shill@postmedia.com twitter.com/winstarhill Essex County is investing millions into its CWATS active transportation network. Shown here on Thursday are marked cycling and walking lanes along Old Tecumseh Road near Wallace Line Road in Lakeshore. The municipality is planning to install more lanes throughout the area. Dan Janisse / Windsor Star   A woman walks her dog on Patillo Road between Old Tecumseh Road and County Rd. 22 on Thursday where there are currently no sidewalks. Dan Janisse / Windsor Star New Leamington craft brewery to add to Windsor-Essex barrel trail 'Not your regular coffee shop' — Windsor's 'sober' bar for recovering... This Week's Flyers Comments Postmedia is pleased to bring you a new commenting experience. We are committed to maintaining a lively but civil forum for discussion and encourage all readers to share their views on our articles. Comments may take up to an hour for moderation before appearing on the site. We ask you to keep your comments relevant and respectful. Visit our Community Guidelines for more information. Sign in to Comment Connect With Us Business of Health This section was created by Content Works, Postmedia’s commercial content division, on behalf of an Innovative Medicines Canada company. x Sponsored by an Innovative Medicines Canada company Sponsored: How innovative therapies offer hope for cancer sufferers Sponsored: a preventative lifeline throughout history Sponsored: Protecting Canadians’ access to medicine Sponsored: She was diagnosed with Stage 4 cancer on Mother’s Day Weather Weather Currently Feels Like We want you to have the most accurate weather report you can. Please enter a valid postal code Close Daily Headline News Thank you for subscribing to Postmedia's Newsletter. Email By clicking "Submit", I consent to receiving the above communication from Postmedia Network Inc. I understand that I may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. Submit Top Stories Windsor woman dies in Chatham-Kent crash | Windsor Star Pussycat Dolls’ raunchy ‘nearly naked’ reunion sparks 400 complaints | Windsor Star Man gets house arrest for defrauding employer of almost $1 million | Windsor Star Windsor Weather Forecast - News & Reports | Windsor Star TV Listings What's On Tonight for Find your full TV Listings here! Share this story $6M for bike lanes, trails to build on 'tremendous growth' in cycling across Essex County Facebook Twitter Reddit Email Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn News All News Local News National World Traffic Business All Business Local Business Energy Technology FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Hockey Football Baseball Basketball Golf Soccer Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies Television Music Books Celebrity Life Milestones All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes Food From the Vault Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Travel 365 Bloor St East, Toronto, ON, M4W3L4, www.postmedia.com © 2019 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Classifieds Obits Careers Browse Classifieds Place a Classified Ad Celebrating Driving FlyerCity Local Directory Legal Privacy – Updated Terms Copyright & Permissions Digital Ad Registry Services Advertise With Us Subscribe My Subscription Edit Profile Contact ePaper Digital Access Contests Partnerships Properties Calgary Herald Canada.com Edmonton Journal London Free Press Montreal Gazette National Post Ottawa Citizen Leader-Post (Regina) The StarPhoenix (Saskatoon) The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun