4,000-hp Thor24 custom truck hammers for US$12 million in Saudi Arabia | Driving Home News & Opinion Latest News Auto Shows Motor Mouth Lorraine Complains More Columns Reviews First Drives Road Tests Comparisons All Reviews Research Buyer's Guide Car Comparison New Car Deals Video Features All Features Safety and Maintenance Supercars Luxury Cars Classic Cars Electric Cars Motorcycles Lifestyle Gear Guide Get Exclusive Pricing Search Search Driving Popular Now Lorraine Explains: Mad enough to leave your insurance company? Wait! 1 4,000-hp Thor24 custom truck hammers for US$12 million in Saudi Arabia 2 These 5 cars’ iconic names were tarnished by their makers 3 It’s Mine: 1966 Mercedes Benz 200D sedan 4 This guy built a working ‘Star Wars’ land speeder in his garage 5 News 4,000-hp Thor24 custom truck hammers for US$12 million in Saudi Arabia You can now get a 1,000-hp Ford Mustang for US$55,000 This Porsche X Lucasfilm starship will get you pumped for the new 'Star Wars' film HOME / Auto News / News / 4,000-hp Thor24 custom truck hammers for US$12 million in Saudi Arabia The ridiculous big rig boasts twin V12s, a 200-km/h top speed and a manual gearbox by Matthew Guy   | November 27, 2019 SHARE STORY What has twenty-four cylinders, weighs 32,000 pounds and was outlandish enough to command US$12 million in a country where money’s no object for many of its residents? If you think the answer is this Thor24 crew cab semi built by stunt pilot and boat racer Mike Harrah, you’d be absolutely right. Over the span of seven years and about US$7 million, Harrah constructed one of the most extreme vehicles – let alone truck tractors – ever to ply the face of this earth. The power developed by 1,704 cubic inches of displacement comes from a brace of two 12-cylinder Detroit diesel engines, arranged neatly like ducks in a row. There are a dozen 871 superchargers arranged above the blocks to push the beast to create a blistering 3,974 horsepower. It also packs a nitrous boost, allowing the 32,000-pound truck to crest 200 km/h. A quartet of 12-foot drag chutes help to reel in all that speed. Harrah’s vision began with a Peterbilt 359 crew cab semi, a truck stretched to 44 feet in length to accommodate his plans. Once the frame was completed, most parts on the bottom side were replaced with chrome-plated or polished aluminum bits. From a visual standpoint, it’s a good wager there is nothing else in the world like Thor24. As if to put the exclamation point home, flames adorn Thor’s flanks because of course they do. A bidder at the Global Auto Salon auction, hosted by Worldwide Auctioneers in Riyadh this past weekend, paid a reported US$12 million for this 44-foot-long brute. Keeping in spirit with other custom big rigs, an auxiliary power unit is onboard. The unit is – what else? – a Hawker jet engine. RELATED Type 64 ‘Nazi car’ fails to sell amid big auction blunder Hypercars seized from politician net CDN.9 million at auction Your author was on the ground at the Riyadh show, where Bugattis were as common as Corollas. In that context, perhaps Thor24 doesn’t seem so outrageous after all. But make no mistake — back here in a world that loosely approximates reality, Thor24 is a wonderfully brutish machine that has more road presence than a fleet of Jensen Interceptors. We’ll have more car stories from Saudi Arabia in the days ahead, including the tale of a man who bought a brace of heavily-patina’d ’57 Chevys and plans to take them on a 1,600-km road trip. Until then, enjoy these snaps of what is surely the wildest semi in existence. LISTEN: In this week’s episode, we talk about all the electrifying news coming out of the 2019 Los Angeles Auto Show with Postmedia Driving senior writer David Booth, including Ford’s bold Mustang Mach-e SUV. And, of course, we get Booth’s take on Tesla’s Cybertruck. Plugged In is available on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, Stitcher, and Google Podcasts. Is the player not working? Click here. RELATED TAGS Flex News auction Riyadh thor24 COMMENTS SHARE YOUR THOUGHTS We encourage all readers to share their views on our articles using Facebook commenting Visit our FAQ page for more information. Local Pricing & Incentives Year 2019 2018 2017 Choose A Make Choose A Model Choose A Trim Please select a vehicle MSRP $--- See what your neighbours are paying Most Popular Comparisons Midsize sedans to heat things up Go big and go home with new pickups Hybrids making it easier to go green Compact cars without compromise Top picks for a blend of sport and utility Battle of bulk between these muscle cars Faceoff between best-selling sports utes Popular Now Lorraine Explains: Mad enough to leave your insurance company? Wait! 1 4,000-hp Thor24 custom truck hammers for US$12 million in Saudi Arabia 2 These 5 cars’ iconic names were tarnished by their makers 3 It’s Mine: 1966 Mercedes Benz 200D sedan 4 This guy built a working ‘Star Wars’ land speeder in his garage 5 You may also like News  Mazda Miata, Lexuses are Consumer Reports' top 10 most reliable models News  This guy built a working 'Star Wars' land speeder in his garage News  Mazda mulls over making the MX-5 electric News  News Roundup: A pickup tug-of-war war, a 1,000-hp Mustang, plus an actual pony car News  Chevrolet will lose money on base-price C8 Corvettes: report News  The newest New York City taxi cab is — the Tesla Model 3 Share This Story All Car Brands Acura Alfa Romeo Aston Martin Audi Bentley BMW Bugatti Buick Cadillac Chevrolet Chrysler Daewoo Dodge Eagle Ferrari FIAT Fisker Ford Genesis GMC Honda HUMMER Hyundai Infiniti Isuzu Jaguar Jeep Kia Lamborghini Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Lotus Maserati Maybach Mazda McLaren Mercedes-Benz Mercury MINI Mitsubishi Nissan Oldsmobile Peugeot Plymouth Pontiac Porsche Ram Renault Rolls-Royce Saab Saturn Scion Smart Spyker Subaru Suzuki Tesla Toyota Volkswagen Volvo A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Subscribe to the Driving newsletter Thank you for subscribing! Please input a valid e-mail address Sign me up! Follow Driving is a part of Postmedia Network Inc. About Driving Contact Us FAQ Advertiser Inquiries Sitemap 365 Bloor St East, Toronto, ON, M4W3L4, www.postmedia.com © 2019 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distrbution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Privacy Terms Copyright & Permissions