Adreescu first Canuck to win Rogers Cup since Windsor’s Faye Urban | Windsor Star	 Skip to navigation Skip to content News All News Local News National Election 2019 World Traffic Business All Business Local Business Energy Technology All Technology Gaming Internet Personal Tech Science Space Tech-Biz FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Hockey All Hockey NHL Detroit Red Wings Toronto Maple Leafs Football All Football NFL Detroit Lions CFL Baseball All Baseball Detroit Tigers Basketball All Basketball NBA NCAA Windsor Express Golf Golf Videos Soccer All Soccer International Soccer MLS Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies All Movies Movie Listings Television All Television TV Listings Music All Music NP Music Books Celebrity Life Milestones All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes All Homes Condos Decorating Gardening Renovating Vacation Homes Food All Food Local Food Reviews Recipes From the Vault Health All Health Diet & Fitness Family & Child Men Women Seniors Sexual Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Travel Obits Classifieds All Classifieds Flyercity Celebrating Browse Listings Place a Classifieds Ad Local Directory Careers Driving All Driving News Reviews Car Comparison Buyer’s Guide Subscription News Local News |Featured: Windsor International Film Festival Obesity Life After Death Spitfires Dying for a Drink Exit Wounds Election 2019 100 years of Point Pelee Opioid Crisis Windsor Tech Cannabis Help Wanted Anne Jarvis Windsor-Detroit bridge Woofa-Roo 2019 Reader Letters | More Open Search Close Search Search Videos Sign In Sign Out Subscribe Andreescu first Canuck to win Rogers Cup since Windsor's Faye Urban Sharon Hill, Windsor Star Updated: August 13, 2019 Faye Urban is shown on Nov. 27, 1965. Archives / Windsor Star Share Adjust Comment Print Windsor native Faye Urban Mlacak had a feeling her 50-year-old record as the last Canadian woman to win the Rogers Cup would be broken by Bianca Andreescu. Urban Mlacak could see it coming even before the three-time Rogers Cup champ and tennis superstar Serena Williams had to quit 19 minutes into the final Sunday because of back pain. The 19-year-old Andreescu had come back from a shoulder injury and her stellar play to get to the final showed she had what it takes to make history, said Urban Mlacak who was rooting for the Mississauga teen. “I feel that Bianca was going to win no matter what,” she said Monday from her Toronto home where she watched the match on TV. “She was playing so strongly.” The 74-year-old grew up in west Windsor and in 1969 became the last Canadian female tennis player until Sunday to win what was then called the Canadian Open and later became the Rogers Cup. “Every year that the Canadian Open, the Rogers Cup, comes around, there’s always a question of will this record be broken. Will a Canadian finally win? So that’s been 50 years in the making.” It is fitting that it was Andreescu because she’s an exceptional talent who plays well above the norm for her age, Urban Mlacak said. “I was delighted she was the one to do it.” Lou Veres, right, and Faye Urban won the Windsor and District Tennis Championships in 1959. Archives / Windsor Star Andreescu’s success — she was leading the match 3-1 when Williams withdrew — will impact younger players and help tennis in Canada, she said. Even non-tennis fans got caught up in the excitement because of the record. Tennis is a different game today with the big payouts and professional players, she said. But the part about needing a boost in Canada is similar. Back in the 1960s there were no pro tournaments, only amateur matches. She only played competitively until she was 25. I feel that Bianca was going to win no matter what “Tennis in Canada was having a hard time existing. I remember even many times I’d win fairly major championships in Canada and there’d be no trophies involved.” When she was inducted into the Windsor and Essex County Sports Hall of Fame in 1992 Urban was said to have been the best tennis player to ever come out of Windsor. She played singles and doubles and was inducted into Tennis Canada’s Hall of Fame in 1996. Bianca Andreescu (Canada) kisses the winners trophy after defeating Serena Williams (USA) during the women’s final of the Rogers Cup tennis tournament at Aviva Centre. Dan Hamilton-USA TODAY / Windsor Star The day she won the Canadian Open in 1969 was one of the those days where everything gelled, she recalled. She remembers feeling lucky she was having a good day and relieved since she was ranked number one. “It didn’t become important until decades later,” she said as it appeared it would be tough for a Canadian woman to make the final let alone win it. Related Bianca Andreescu first Canadian to win at home in 50 years, as Serena Williams retires from Rogers Cup final Windsor Star: Sports Can Rogers Cup champion Andreescu make life even more Grand? She took up tennis at age seven or eight at her father Archie’s urging. She remembers swinging her racquet at Willistead Park which used to have a tennis court and Jackson Park, and practicing at Assumption College’s handball alleys which meant less time retrieving tennis balls. Urban moved to Toronto, became a teacher and married another former Windsorite Willy Mlacak. Her Canadian Open victory and reaching the women’s quarter finals in doubles at Wimbledon were highlights of her career, she said. shill@postmedia.com twitter.com/winstarhill Faye Urban, undated photo. Archives / Windsor Star In UFC debut, Windsor's Prepolec loses in unanimous decision This Week's Flyers Comments Postmedia is pleased to bring you a new commenting experience. We are committed to maintaining a lively but civil forum for discussion and encourage all readers to share their views on our articles. Comments may take up to an hour for moderation before appearing on the site. We ask you to keep your comments relevant and respectful. Visit our Community Guidelines for more information. Sign in to Comment Connect With Us Weather Weather Currently Feels Like We want you to have the most accurate weather report you can. Please enter a valid postal code Latest National News World Fishmongers Hall exec details how employee and patrons fought knife-wielding London terrorist World 'Sweating all over me': BBC to air interview with Virginia Giuffre, who says she was ... World Ex-FBI lawyer Lisa Page says Trump's 'demeaning fake orgasm' was the last straw Close Daily Headline News Thank you for subscribing to Postmedia's Newsletter. Email By clicking "Submit", I consent to receiving the above communication from Postmedia Network Inc. I understand that I may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. Submit Most Read Kid Rock opens up about foul-mouthed Oprah Winfrey rant | Windsor Star Pussycat Dolls’ raunchy ‘nearly naked’ reunion sparks 400 complaints | Windsor Star Windsor woman dies in Chatham-Kent crash | Windsor Star Man gets house arrest for defrauding employer of almost $1 million | Windsor Star Traffic Share this story Andreescu first Canuck to win Rogers Cup since Windsor's Faye Urban Facebook Twitter Reddit Email Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn News All News Local News National World Traffic Business All Business Local Business Energy Technology FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Hockey Football Baseball Basketball Golf Soccer Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies Television Music Books Celebrity Life Milestones All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes Food From the Vault Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Travel 365 Bloor St East, Toronto, ON, M4W3L4, www.postmedia.com © 2019 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Classifieds Obits Careers Browse Classifieds Place a Classified Ad Celebrating Driving FlyerCity Local Directory Legal Privacy – Updated Terms Copyright & Permissions Digital Ad Registry Services Advertise With Us Subscribe My Subscription Edit Profile Contact ePaper Digital Access Contests Partnerships Properties Calgary Herald Canada.com Edmonton Journal London Free Press Montreal Gazette National Post Ottawa Citizen Leader-Post (Regina) The StarPhoenix (Saskatoon) The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun