Amherstburg Diageo workers ratify 3-year contract | Windsor Star	 Skip to navigation Skip to content News All News Local News National Election 2019 World Traffic Business All Business Local Business Energy Technology All Technology Gaming Internet Personal Tech Science Space Tech-Biz FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Hockey All Hockey NHL Detroit Red Wings Toronto Maple Leafs Football All Football NFL Detroit Lions CFL Baseball All Baseball Detroit Tigers Basketball All Basketball NBA NCAA Windsor Express Golf Golf Videos Soccer All Soccer International Soccer MLS Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies All Movies Movie Listings Television All Television TV Listings Music All Music NP Music Books Celebrity Life Milestones All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes All Homes Condos Decorating Gardening Renovating Vacation Homes Food All Food Local Food Reviews Recipes From the Vault Health All Health Diet & Fitness Family & Child Men Women Seniors Sexual Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Travel Obits Classifieds All Classifieds Flyercity Celebrating Browse Listings Place a Classifieds Ad Local Directory Careers Driving All Driving News Reviews Car Comparison Buyer’s Guide Subscription News Local News |Featured: Windsor International Film Festival Obesity Life After Death Spitfires Dying for a Drink Exit Wounds Election 2019 100 years of Point Pelee Opioid Crisis Windsor Tech Cannabis Help Wanted Anne Jarvis Windsor-Detroit bridge Woofa-Roo 2019 Reader Letters | More Open Search Close Search Search Videos Sign In Sign Out Subscribe Amherstburg Diageo workers ratify 3-year contract Sharon Hill, Windsor Star Updated: December 2, 2019 D.J. Lacey, Unifor Local 200 Diageo Unit chairperson and Kevin Matte, left, speak with media following Sunday's ratification vote in favour of a new contract. Nick Brancaccio / Windsor Star Share Adjust Comment Print Unionized workers at Diageo Canada’s Amherstburg bottling plant ratified a three-year contract Sunday with $6,000 in bonuses over the three years. In separate votes Sunday morning, members of Unifor Local 200 production workers at the plant voted 84 per cent in favour and the trades workers voted 95 per cent in favour of the new agreement reached Saturday. The Amherstburg plant bottles Crown Royal whisky for Diageo. The agreement includes raises of three per cent the first year and two per cent in each of the final two years of the contract. It’s a win for the membership and the community where Diageo is one of the larger employers in Amherstburg, Unifor Local 200 unit chairman D.J. Lacey said Sunday. It just shows both sides were committed to sitting down and coming to an agreement. When the workers get increases it helps donations such as to the United Way campaign and local businesses and the ratification vote came before the holiday season, he said. There are 189 unionized workers at the plant. “For us to get a three-year collective agreement that solidifies our footprint in Amherstburg, that’s huge,” Lacey said. The tentative agreement was a good deal for both sides and was reached after just two weeks of negotiations and a day before Sunday night’s strike deadline, he said. Unifor Local 200 members Danielle Goodchild, left, Kevin Matte, Mark DeLuca, Jean-Marc Blais and D.J. Lacey, right, review their new contract with Diageo Global Supply in Amherstburg Sunday. Nick Brancaccio / Windsor Star “It just shows both sides were committed to sitting down and coming to an agreement,” Lacey said. No concessions was the important part, Unifor Local 200 president John D’Agnolo said Sunday. “In today’s age, it’s pretty tough to get out of bargaining without giving up concessions. There was no concessions in this set of bargaining and there was also some increases in the wages.” Related Town council votes to allow secondary dwellings Amherstburg council weighs options for collaboration Windsor Star: Local News Instead of a pension increase, the unionized workers are getting a signing bonus and bonuses over the life of the contract that will add up to $6,000 for each employee, D’Agnolo said. There was also language in the agreement that was changed. D’Agnolo said the company and the union worked together on internal issues and had a lot of good discussions. “We worked together and we were rewarded by this new contract. It’s the hard work of the Diageo workers that made this happen so they’re quite happy with it.” The workers had agreed in a 100 per cent strike vote to go on strike if needed. shill@postmedia.com Vigil walk and red ribbons mark World AIDS Day in Windsor Windsor's Santa Claus parade lights up downtown This Week's Flyers Comments Postmedia is pleased to bring you a new commenting experience. We are committed to maintaining a lively but civil forum for discussion and encourage all readers to share their views on our articles. Comments may take up to an hour for moderation before appearing on the site. We ask you to keep your comments relevant and respectful. Visit our Community Guidelines for more information. Sign in to Comment Connect With Us Weather Weather Currently Feels Like We want you to have the most accurate weather report you can. Please enter a valid postal code Latest National News World Fishmongers Hall exec details how employee and patrons fought knife-wielding London terrorist World 'Sweating all over me': BBC to air interview with Virginia Giuffre, who says she was ... World Ex-FBI lawyer Lisa Page says Trump's 'demeaning fake orgasm' was the last straw Close Daily Headline News Thank you for subscribing to Postmedia's Newsletter. Email By clicking "Submit", I consent to receiving the above communication from Postmedia Network Inc. I understand that I may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. Submit Share this story Amherstburg Diageo workers ratify 3-year contract Facebook Twitter Reddit Email Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn News All News Local News National World Traffic Business All Business Local Business Energy Technology FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Hockey Football Baseball Basketball Golf Soccer Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies Television Music Books Celebrity Life Milestones All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes Food From the Vault Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Travel 365 Bloor St East, Toronto, ON, M4W3L4, www.postmedia.com © 2019 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Classifieds Obits Careers Browse Classifieds Place a Classified Ad Celebrating Driving FlyerCity Local Directory Legal Privacy – Updated Terms Copyright & Permissions Digital Ad Registry Services Advertise With Us Subscribe My Subscription Edit Profile Contact ePaper Digital Access Contests Partnerships Properties Calgary Herald Canada.com Edmonton Journal London Free Press Montreal Gazette National Post Ottawa Citizen Leader-Post (Regina) The StarPhoenix (Saskatoon) The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun