Android Developers Platform Android Studio Google Play Jetpack Kotlin Docs News Language Bahasa Indonesia Deutsch English Español Español – América Latina Français Português – Brasil Tiếng Việt Türkçe Русский ภาษาไทย 中文 – 简体 中文 – 繁體 日本語 한국어 Build anything on Android Platform Android Studio Google Play Jetpack Kotlin Docs News The Android Developer Challenge is back! Submit your idea before December 2. Android Developers Featured Android Developer Challenge: submit your idea by December 2! Helpful innovation, powered by On-Device Machine Learning + you: we're bringing back the Android Developer Challenge and asking you to help us unlock new experiences on Android. Submit your idea by December 2! Submit your idea Featured Android Dev Summit Sessions & more! Watch all of the sessions and technical content from Android Dev Summit, where we detailed a modern approach to Android development, with Jetpack Compose and more! Watch Now Submit your idea Featured Get to know Jetpack Compose Android's modern toolkit for building beautiful, native UI. Learn more Learn more Start building an app Whether you’re an experienced developer or creating your first Android app, here are some resources to get you started. Download Developer guides Here you'll find a wide range of documentation that teaches you how to build an app, including how to build your first Android app, how to build layouts that adapt to different screens, how to save data in a local database, how to use device sensors and cameras, and much more. Get started Sample code Jump-start your development using these sample projects See the samples Test your app Verify your app’s behavior and usability before you release Learn how to test Quality guidelines Build a high quality app with these design and behavior guidelines See the guidelines Distribute on Google Play Reach a global audience and earn revenue Learn about Play Get started with Docs Material Design Android apps are designed using the Material Design guidelines. These guidelines provide everything you need to know about how to design your app, from the user experience flow to visual design, motion, fonts, and more. Design for Android Platform Wear OS Learn more Platform TV Learn more Platform Cars Learn more Platform Chrome OS Learn more Platform Things Learn more Tools Android NDK Learn more Docs Google services for Android Take advantage of the latest Google technologies through a single set of APIs for Android, delivered across Android devices worldwide as part of Google Play services. Start by setting up the Google Play services library, then build with the APIs for services such as Google Maps, Firebase, Google Cast, Google AdMob, and much more. Get started Latest news More news Latest videos More videos Twitter Follow @AndroidDev on Twitter YouTube Check out Android Developers on YouTube More Android Android Enterprise Security Source Support Report platform bug Report documentation bug Google Play support Join research studies Documentation Developer guides Design guides API reference Samples Android Studio Android Chrome Firebase Google Cloud Platform All products Privacy License Brand guidelines Get news and tips by email Subscribe Language Bahasa Indonesia Deutsch English Español Español – América Latina Français Português – Brasil Tiếng Việt Türkçe Русский ภาษาไทย 中文 – 简体 中文 – 繁體 日本語 한국어