Apple Arcade - Apple Global Nav Open Menu Global Nav Close Menu Apple Shopping Bag + Search apple.com Cancel Apple Mac iPad iPhone Watch TV Music Support Shopping Bag + Cancel Apple Arcade Try it free Apple Arcade A new world to play in. Try it free A new world to play in. Unlimited access to 100 new games. All in one subscription. One subscription. All you can play. No ads. No additional purchases. Download to play, online or off.1 Jump from iPhone to iPad, Mac, and Apple TV. Access for up to six family members. Committed to your privacy. Games that redefine games. Apple has joined forces with many of the world’s most visionary developers. Together, we’re pushing the boundaries of what’s possible to create the games of their dreams — and yours. Explore Apple Arcade on the App Store Shinsekai Into the Depths Capcom Set underwater in an eerie, postapocalyptic world, players can battle sea monsters, pilot submarines, and much more — all in search of an ancient civilization. For extra authenticity, the music and sound effects were recorded underwater. Check it out on the App Store Sonic Racing SEGA® | HARDlight Hedgehogs, start your engines. This fast-paced game offers console-quality graphics and innovative gameplay. But you’ll need a touch of strategy if you want to win. Check it out on the App Store Sayonara Wild Hearts Annapurna | Simogo An all-female motorcycle gang takes to the streets in this magical mix of racing and rhythm. With futuristic, neon graphics and a vibrant indie soundtrack, it feels like a playable music video. Check it out on the App Store LEGO Brawls LEGO | Red Games Co. The bricks will fly in this multiplayer brawler set in the LEGO universe. Players create their own characters, collaborate with teammates to build and control machines, and battle to win. Check it out on the App Store Where Cards Fall Snowman | The Game Band A captivating narrative puzzle that’s also a compelling coming-of-age story. Our hero navigates the insecurities and emotions of high school and beyond, creating pathways and overcoming obstacles. Check it out on the App Store Escape the Bermuda Triangle. Manipulate shadows. Rescue a prince. Survive high school. Apple Arcade was made to explore. You’ll find every kind of game you love, and others like you’ve never seen. With new characters, stories, and worlds arriving each month. So you never run out of fun. Explore Apple Arcade on the App Store ChuChu Rocket! Universe SEGA® | HARDlight The Enchanted World Noodlecake | AI Interactive Oceanhorn 2: Knights of the Lost Realm Cornfox & Bros Super Impossible Road Rogue Games Inc. | Wonderful Lasers Inc. Cat Quest II The Gentlebros Pte. Ltd Jenny LeClue - Detectivu Mografi Kings of the Castle Frosty Pop Dodo Peak Moving Pieces Decoherence Efecto Studios Manifold Garden William Chyr Studio Towaga: Among Shadows Noodlecake | Sunnyside Games Sneaky Sasquatch RAC7 Overland Finji Frogger in Toy Town Konami PAC-MAN PARTY ROYALE BANDAI NAMCO Entertainment Inc. Spek. RAC7 WHAT THE GOLF? Fun Plus | Triband The Pinball Wizard Frosty Pop Assemble With Care ustwo games Rosie’s Reality RosieReality Things That Go Bump Tinybop Tangle Tower SFB Games Sociable Soccer™ Rogue Games Inc. | Tower Studios Ltd. BattleSky Brigade: Harpooner BattleBrew Productions Word Laces Minimega Ballistic Baseball Gameloft Grindstone Capybara Games Apple Arcade Start your free one‑month trial. $4.99/mo. after free trial.2 Unlimited access to 100 new games Access for up to six family members Ad-free; no additional purchases necessary Start playing on one device, pick up on another Download to play, online or off You decide whether to share your personal data Works with Screen Time and parental controls Try it free Dream it. Build it. If you’re developing a groundbreaking, unreleased game and would like it to be considered for Apple Arcade, we’d love to hear from you. Learn more Watch the film Meet the minds behind the games. Upgrade to start your free trial. Get the latest iOS Get the latest iPadOS Get the latest tvOS Get the latest macOS Apple Footer Internet connection required for some Apple Arcade games on Apple TV. $4.99/month after free trial. No commitment. Plan automatically renews after trial until cancelled. Compatible hardware and software required. Some content may not be available in all areas. Not all content shown will be available at service availability.  Apple Apple Arcade Shop and Learn Open Menu Close Menu Mac iPad iPhone Watch TV Music AirPods HomePod iPod touch Accessories Gift Cards Services Open Menu Close Menu Apple Music Apple News+ Apple TV+ Apple Arcade Apple Card iCloud Account Open Menu Close Menu Manage Your Apple ID Apple Store Account iCloud.com Apple Store Open Menu Close Menu Find a Store Genius Bar Today at Apple Apple Camp Field Trip Apple Store App Refurbished and Clearance Financing Apple Trade In Order Status Shopping Help For Business Open Menu Close Menu Apple and Business Shop for Business For Education Open Menu Close Menu Apple and Education Shop for College For Healthcare Open Menu Close Menu Apple in Healthcare Health on Apple Watch Health Records on iPhone For Government Open Menu Close Menu Shop for Government Shop for Veterans and Military Apple Values Open Menu Close Menu Accessibility Education Environment Inclusion and Diversity Privacy Supplier Responsibility About Apple Open Menu Close Menu Newsroom Apple Leadership Job Opportunities Investors Events Contact Apple More ways to shop: Find an Apple Store or other retailer near you. Or call 1-800-MY-APPLE. United States Copyright © 2019 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map