As the results come in, here’s 22 things to watch on election night | Windsor Star	 Skip to navigation Skip to content News All News Local News National Election 2019 World Traffic Business All Business Local Business Energy Technology All Technology Gaming Internet Personal Tech Science Space Tech-Biz FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Hockey All Hockey NHL Detroit Red Wings Toronto Maple Leafs Football All Football NFL Detroit Lions CFL Baseball All Baseball Detroit Tigers Basketball All Basketball NBA NCAA Windsor Express Golf Golf Videos Soccer All Soccer International Soccer MLS Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies All Movies Movie Listings Television All Television TV Listings Music All Music NP Music Books Celebrity Life Milestones All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes All Homes Condos Decorating Gardening Renovating Vacation Homes Food All Food Local Food Reviews Recipes From the Vault Health All Health Diet & Fitness Family & Child Men Women Seniors Sexual Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Travel Obits Classifieds All Classifieds Flyercity Celebrating Browse Listings Place a Classifieds Ad Local Directory Careers Driving All Driving News Reviews Car Comparison Buyer’s Guide Subscription News National Election 2019 |Featured: Windsor International Film Festival Obesity Life After Death Spitfires Dying for a Drink Exit Wounds Election 2019 100 years of Point Pelee Opioid Crisis Windsor Tech Cannabis Help Wanted Anne Jarvis Windsor-Detroit bridge Woofa-Roo 2019 Reader Letters | More Open Search Close Search Search Videos Sign In Sign Out Subscribe As the results come in, here's 22 things to watch on election night After 40 days of campaigning, the federal election finally ends tonight National Post Updated: October 22, 2019 Share Adjust Comment Print British Columbia Will the NDP win back the seat of Burnaby North—Seymour? The riding at the end of the TMX pipeline could be the party’s best chances of expanding its reach in B.C. Will the Liberals lose support in the Lower Mainland of B.C.? Anger over pipelines and missed climate targets in the region could weaken Trudeau’s grasp on a majority. Can the Greens win Victoria? The hoped-for “Green wave” can only happen if they can take the seat from the NDP on election night. Elizabeth May to resign? The longtime MP, whether her party performs well or not, could soon be stepping out of politics — and she may be asked about it on election night. Can Jody Wilson-Raybould keep her seat? The Prairies Will the Liberals lose all their Alberta seats? The province is represented entirely by Conservatives, aside from just five seats — and those seats are all now up for grabs, as TMX languishes. Will the future of Andrew Scheer be decided in this election? The Liberals took five of six seats in Winnipeg in 2015. Can they hold off the Conservatives in the suburbs and the NDP downtown? As the Liberals appear doomed in Saskatchewan and Alberta, can Ralph Goodale once again hang on to his Regina seat?   First Reading Newsletter Stay informed this election (and beyond) with First Reading, the political newsletter that makes sense of it all. We’re breaking the news, defining the issues and analyzing what matters. Sign up here.   Ontario Will Conservatives win over the GTA? Much of the Conservatives chances of forming government depend on turning the region blue. Can the NDP hang on to their strongholds in the manufacturing centres of Hamilton and Windsor? The Liberals are using their NAFTA renegotiation as a selling point to target these ridings. Will the NDP be a factor in Brampton, where Jagmeet Singh was successful provincially? It is the only GTA suburb where they have a chance to be competitive. Will we see a patchwork in the GTA suburbs instead of a wave? The Liberals swept it in 2015, the Conservatives swept it in 2011. But this year it seems possible there will be splits, which makes a minority government much more likely. Quebec Can the PPC win more than one seat (or can it win even one?) How big will the Bloc win? Where do the Bloc make gains? Can they take any new seats on the Island of Montreal? Do they mostly take back NDP seats in the regions between Montreal and Quebec City? Can they break into Quebec City? Trudeau triumphant or Trudeau humbled? Can the NDP hang on to any seats in Quebec? The party has been polling better since the debates, but in Quebec, they’re still not projected to win more than two seats. Can they beat expectations, or is the Orange Wave officially over? How do the Conservatives fare? Can the Liberals’ star candidate, Steven Guilbeault, win Laurier—Sainte-Marie? He’s Quebec’s best-known environmentalist, but he’s in a tight race against the Bloc and the NDP. East Can the Liberals repeat their win of winning all of the East? Who will win the battle between the Greens and NDP for seats in the East? Can former Conservative MPs take back their old seats? A number of Conservatives who were defeated during the Liberal wave in 2015 are trying to take back their seats, especially in places like southern New Brunswick. Will they be successful?   Students presented with first-hand account of war-time life in German prison  Canadians working in the U.S. 'sitting on edge' over the uncertain... This Week's Flyers Comments Postmedia is pleased to bring you a new commenting experience. We are committed to maintaining a lively but civil forum for discussion and encourage all readers to share their views on our articles. Comments may take up to an hour for moderation before appearing on the site. We ask you to keep your comments relevant and respectful. Visit our Community Guidelines for more information. Sign in to Comment Connect With Us Latest Local News Local News Ontario auditor general to assess PC climate change plan Local News Vigil walk and red ribbons mark World AIDS Day in Windsor Local News Amherstburg Diageo workers ratify 3-year contract Local News Windsor's Santa Claus parade lights up downtown 10/3 Podcast 10/podcast: A 'war zone of feces' in Toronto 10/3 podcast: How El Chapo's Canadian drug smuggling connections were uncovered 10/3 podcast: Beyond Jordan Peterson — the state of free speech on campuses 10/3 podcast: Why legal weed companies are taking major losses Close Daily Headline News Thank you for subscribing to Postmedia's Newsletter. Email By clicking "Submit", I consent to receiving the above communication from Postmedia Network Inc. I understand that I may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. Submit Weather Weather Currently Feels Like We want you to have the most accurate weather report you can. Please enter a valid postal code Share this story As the results come in, here's 22 things to watch on election night Facebook Twitter Reddit Email Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn News All News Local News National World Traffic Business All Business Local Business Energy Technology FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Hockey Football Baseball Basketball Golf Soccer Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies Television Music Books Celebrity Life Milestones All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes Food From the Vault Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Travel 365 Bloor St East, Toronto, ON, M4W3L4, www.postmedia.com © 2019 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Classifieds Obits Careers Browse Classifieds Place a Classified Ad Celebrating Driving FlyerCity Local Directory Legal Privacy – Updated Terms Copyright & Permissions Digital Ad Registry Services Advertise With Us Subscribe My Subscription Edit Profile Contact ePaper Digital Access Contests Partnerships Properties Calgary Herald Canada.com Edmonton Journal London Free Press Montreal Gazette National Post Ottawa Citizen Leader-Post (Regina) The StarPhoenix (Saskatoon) The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun