Atlanta beats Toronto 2-0 in matchup of last 2 MLS champs | Windsor Star	 Skip to navigation Skip to content News All News Local News National Election 2019 World Traffic Business All Business Local Business Energy Technology All Technology Gaming Internet Personal Tech Science Space Tech-Biz FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Hockey All Hockey NHL Detroit Red Wings Toronto Maple Leafs Football All Football NFL Detroit Lions CFL Baseball All Baseball Detroit Tigers Basketball All Basketball NBA NCAA Windsor Express Golf Golf Videos Soccer All Soccer International Soccer MLS Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies All Movies Movie Listings Television All Television TV Listings Music All Music NP Music Books Celebrity Life Milestones All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes All Homes Condos Decorating Gardening Renovating Vacation Homes Food All Food Local Food Reviews Recipes From the Vault Health All Health Diet & Fitness Family & Child Men Women Seniors Sexual Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Travel Obits Classifieds All Classifieds Flyercity Celebrating Browse Listings Place a Classifieds Ad Local Directory Careers Driving All Driving News Reviews Car Comparison Buyer’s Guide Subscription Sports Soccer MLS |Featured: Library Strike Fit Tips Kelly Steele Windsor In Pictures | More Open Search Close Search Search Videos Sign In Sign Out Subscribe Atlanta beats Toronto 2-0 in matchup of last 2 MLS champs The Associated Press Updated: May 8, 2019 Atlanta United forward Dion Pereira (28) is tripped by a Toronto FC defender during the second half of an MLS soccer match in Atlanta on May 8, 2019. Mike Zarrilli / AP Share Adjust Comment Print ATLANTA — Hector Villalba and Julian Gressel scored to lead Atlanta United to its third victory in a row, 2-0 over Toronto FC in a matchup of the last two MLS Cup champions Wednesday night. After a sluggish start under new coach Frank de Boer, United (4-3-2) suddenly looks like the team that won the league championship last year in just its second season. Atlanta dominated the stat sheet, piling up a 19-8 advantage in shots, knocking two attempts off the post and preventing Toronto from putting any balls on net. Goalkeeper Brad Guzan extended his scoreless streak to three games without much effort, giving Atlanta its first victory over Toronto FC. After Josef Martinez was denied on a couple of chances in close, Atlanta broke through in the 17th minute. The play was set up by Ashtone Morgan’s hard foul on Gressel just outside the box, giving United a dangerous free kick. Pity Martinez launched one over the wall, only to have Alex Bono make a brilliant save diving to his left. But Josef Martinez hustled after the rebound, sending the ball back in front where Villalba flicked it past the keeper for his first goal of the season. Gressel scored in the 67th. Again, it was set up by Martinez, the reigning MLS goals king who spent this night delivering for his teammates. Getting the ball just inside the area, he dumped off a pass to Gressel, who cut inside the deliver a booming left-footed shot that deflected off a defender’s foot and skipped past Bono for the German’s second goal of the season. Toronto (5-31) played its fourth straight game without top scorer Jozy Altidore as he recovers from a hamstring injury. CREW 3, GALAXY 1 COLUMBUS, Ohio (AP) — Federico Higuain broke Columbus’ career assist record in the first half and added a goal in the second in the Crew’s victory over Los Angeles. Columbus (5-6-1) snapped a five-game losing streak, avoiding tying the club record. Los Angeles (7-3-1) lost back-to-back games for the first time since last September. It hasn’t won in Columbus since 2011. Higuain, in his eighth season with Columbus, got his 62nd assist on a long pass to Robinho, who sent it across goal for a redirection from Gyasi Zardes in the 27th minute. Early in the second half, Higuain connected with Zardes on a give-and-go for his first goal in 11 games. Hector Jimenez made it 3-0 in the 66th minute. Daniel Steres scored for Los Angeles in the 87th. FIRE 5, REVOLUTION 0 BRIDGEVIEW, Ill. (AP) — Nemanja Nikolic had two goals in the first half and Chicago scored three goals in a late 11-minute span to rout New England. Chicago (3-4-4) hadn’t scored since a 4-1 victory over the Colorado Rapids on April 20. New England (2-8-2), which was coming off a 6-1 loss at Philadelphia, has allowed 18 goals in its last four games — without a win. Chicago ended a 300-plus minute scoreless stretch midway through the first half when Nikolic headed home Nicolas Gaitan’s free kick at the back post for his fourth goal of the season. Nikolic made it 2-0 in the 40th with another header for the Fire’s first goal off a corner kick this season. Brandt Bronico scored on a curling shot in the 78th, and Gaitan and Przemyslaw Frankowski scored on breakaways four minutes apart. IMPACT 2, RED BULLS 1 HARRISON, N.J. (AP) — Zakaria Diallo and Maximiliano Urruti scored 15 minutes apart in the second half and Montreal rallied to beat New York. Montreal (6-4-2) won for the first time in nine regular-season games at Red Bull Arena to move into a three-way tie for first place in the Eastern Conference. New York (3-5-2), which had its two-game winning streak snapped, entered with a 28-8 scoring advantage at home against Montreal. Diallo, who missed the entire 2018 season due to injury, scored his first MLS goal in the 64th minute to tie it at 1. Urruti gave Montreal the lead in the 79th on the Impact’s first penalty-kick attempt of the season. New York’s Aaron Long headed home Marc Rzatkowski’s free kick in the 36th. —— More AP soccer: https://apnews.com/tag/apf-Soccer and https://twitter.com/AP–Sports UPDATED: Windsor's Facchineri scores crucial shootout winner for Canada's U-17 soccer... Albanian professional soccer player Popaj to join Windsor TFC This Week's Flyers Comments Postmedia is pleased to bring you a new commenting experience. We are committed to maintaining a lively but civil forum for discussion and encourage all readers to share their views on our articles. Comments may take up to an hour for moderation before appearing on the site. We ask you to keep your comments relevant and respectful. Visit our Community Guidelines for more information. Sign in to Comment Connect With Us Most Popular Now Pussycat Dolls’ raunchy ‘nearly naked’ reunion sparks 400 complaints | Windsor Star Flood watch issued for Windsor-Essex | Windsor Star Amherstburg Diageo workers ratify 3-year contract | Windsor Star Reader letter: Most people are doing nothing about climate change | Windsor Star CP Holiday Train arrives in Windsor, $7K for local food banks | Windsor Star Canada’s Continental Gold agrees to $1.3 billion takeover by one of China’s biggest gold miners ... Guest column: Anesthesiologist shortage could be solved with nurse anesthetists | Windsor Star Share this story Atlanta beats Toronto 2-0 in matchup of last 2 MLS champs Facebook Twitter Reddit Email Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn News All News Local News National World Traffic Business All Business Local Business Energy Technology FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Hockey Football Baseball Basketball Golf Soccer Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies Television Music Books Celebrity Life Milestones All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes Food From the Vault Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Travel 365 Bloor St East, Toronto, ON, M4W3L4, www.postmedia.com © 2019 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Classifieds Obits Careers Browse Classifieds Place a Classified Ad Celebrating Driving FlyerCity Local Directory Legal Privacy – Updated Terms Copyright & Permissions Digital Ad Registry Services Advertise With Us Subscribe My Subscription Edit Profile Contact ePaper Digital Access Contests Partnerships Properties Calgary Herald Canada.com Edmonton Journal London Free Press Montreal Gazette National Post Ottawa Citizen Leader-Post (Regina) The StarPhoenix (Saskatoon) The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun