Backlog growing at information commissioner’s office | Saskatoon StarPhoenix	 Skip to navigation Skip to content News All News Local News Saskatchewan Politics Election 2019 National World Business All Business Local Business Energy Mining Mortgages Money Technology All Technology Gaming Internet Personal Tech Science Space Tech-Biz FP Markets Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Local Sports All Local Sports U of S Huskies Saskatoon Hilltops Hockey All Hockey NHL Saskatoon Blades Football All Football CFL Saskatchewan Roughriders NFL Baseball Basketball All Basketball NBA NCAA Golf Golf Videos Soccer All Soccer International Soccer MLS MMA Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies Television All Television TV Listings Music All Music NP Music Books Celebrity Life All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes All Homes Buying & Selling Condos Decorating Gardening Renovating Vacation Homes Living Spaces Food All Food Local Food Reviews Recipes Health All Health Diet & Fitness Family & Child Men Women Seniors Sexual Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Festivals Travel Bridges Puzzles & Comics Obits Classifieds All Classifieds Flyercity Celebrating Browse Listings Place a Classifieds Ad Local Directory Careers Driving All Driving News Reviews Car Comparison Buyer’s Guide Subscription News Local News |Featured: Columnists | More Open Search Close Search Search Videos Sign In Sign Out Subscribe Backlog growing at information commissioner's office D'Arcy Hande, the researcher who triggered the Pinehouse inquiry, says the backlog is a major problem. Alex MacPherson, Saskatoon StarPhoenix Updated: December 2, 2019 D'Arcy Hande, a retired provincial archivist who now does independent research, is concerned about a growing backlog of files at the Office of the Information and Privacy Commissioner. Matt Smith / Saskatoon StarPhoenix Share Adjust Comment Print D’Arcy Hande is worried about the files piling up on the desk of Saskatchewan’s information and privacy commissioner. Hande, a retired provincial archivist whose repeated requests for records from the Northern Village of Pinehouse triggered a sweeping government inquiry, said Ron Kruzeniski’s office must be “snowed under.” That appears to be the case. Earlier this year, while straining to meet the 120-calendar-day target for issuing review reports, the Office of the Information and Privacy Commissioner received a $107,000 funding increase, bringing its annual budget to $1.97 million. While $80,000 of that was earmarked for a new analyst, bringing the total to seven, it did not make a major dent in the growing backlog of files awaiting review. Last year, Kruzeniski’s office opened 301 new files; this year, it is projecting 390 — 40 more than the record. “Obviously, the information commissioner’s office needs more staff. It’s that simple,” Hande said. “It’s a big problem. Transparency and accountability are the essence of democratic government. If citizens can’t get answers, we’re in the dark — we don’t know how decisions are being made by our governing authorities.” D’Arcy Hande’s requests for records triggered a sweeping government inquiry into the Northern Village of Pinehouse. Matt Smith / Saskatoon StarPhoenix Kruzeniski is well aware of the situation. Under ideal circumstances, he said, each of the seven analysts would have 15 files open at any given time. Some currently have more than 40 on their desks, and it’s not unthinkable that the forecast of 390 new files could be low. “For people who want that information, it’s not good,” Kruzeniski said, adding that the current wait time for his office to review a privacy breach or a disputed freedom of information request is around 190 days — more than six months. “That’s just not performance,” he said. Under provincial law, anyone can request records from a host of public institutions. The list of eligible “local authorities” includes the provincial government and its agencies, plus Crown corporations, universities, municipalities large and small and police forces. Many requests are submitted by private individuals like Hande, but they are also frequently used by journalists and Opposition political parties seeking information about the inner workings of different organizations and levels of government. Kruzeniski attributes the sharp spike in requests and reviews to multiple factors, including high-profile data breaches, journalists’ efforts to obtain government records and broader public awareness inspired by Hande’s Pinehouse probe. While it is obviously good that more people are aware of their ability to access public information, Kruzeniski said, it comes with consequences, including frustration for applicants, public bodies and the general availability of information. “If something happens in November that has a democratic implication or issue to it, my issuing a report next November — the story has come and gone and come and gone and maybe come and gone again,” he said. The Canadian Taxpayers Federation rarely calls for more government spending, but Prairie Director Todd MacKay is prepared to make an exception for the Office of the Information and Privacy Commissioner. Liam Richards / Saskatoon StarPhoenix Hande is far from the only person worried about the implications of long wait times for information. While the Canadian Taxpayers Federation rarely advocates for more spending, it is prepared to make an exception in this case. “Accountability saves taxpayers money in the long run,” CTF Prairie Director Todd MacKay said, adding that in his view the review process should generally take “weeks and months, not months and years.” MacKay said the government should change its culture to favour proactive disclosure — putting documentation online before anyone decides to ask for it. There is an incentive to do just that, he said. Instead of having damaging information come out one freedom of information request at a time — which in cases such as the Global Transportation Hub scandal can prolong bad news for years — it’s easier just to be transparent, he said. “It’s a little bit like when I tell my kids when they break something, ‘Just be honest and tell me.’ It’s hard for them to believe they’re going to get in less trouble when they’re honest, but that’s the simple reality.” Ron Kruzeniski has served as Saskatchewan’s Information and Privacy Commissioner since 2014. BRYAN SCHLOSSER / Regina Leader-Post Hande took a slightly different view. Speaking generally, he said any government that has been in power for years accumulates “baggage,” and since there is little incentive to reveal it, the tendency is to slow down the process. Not only should the office have order-making powers — as Kruzeniski has recommended — but it needs more resources, Hande said, adding that he is “very concerned” about any organization that does not want to be accountable. Kruzeniski is about a month away from his annual presentation to the Board of Internal Economy, the bipartisan legislative committee that controls funding for his office and those of other independent officers, such as the provincial auditor. While he could ask for funding for seven new analysts — which would make sense given Hande’s view that his office is about 100 per cent over capacity — the commissioner said he will likely ask for two more so as not to be deemed “unreasonable.” “That would certainly bring down our numbers. Would it bring it right down to the 15 (files per analyst)? I don’t know. I know if I ask for funding to double the number of analysts, I just wouldn’t get it,” he said. “There’s a whole bunch of other good, important things that are crying out for money and you’re competing for resources.” amacpherson@postmedia.com twitter.com/macphersona Related Sask. privacy commissioner pushing to have office's recommendations more binding Privacy czar gets budget hike to address growing backlog 'It cannot expect a private business to continue to clean up its errors': Privacy czar blasts health authority for faxing patient records to computer store — again Medical staff inappropriately accessed Broncos bus victims info: privacy commissioner  Saskatchewan had second-highest homicide rate among provinces last year, Stats Can...  'My wallet or my health': Saskatchewan patients call for insulin pump... This Week's Flyers Comments Postmedia is pleased to bring you a new commenting experience. We are committed to maintaining a lively but civil forum for discussion and encourage all readers to share their views on our articles. Comments may take up to an hour for moderation before appearing on the site. We ask you to keep your comments relevant and respectful. Visit our Community Guidelines for more information. Sign in to Comment Connect With Us Latest National News Huawei's Meng Wanzhou thanks supporters for 'warmth' and 'kindness' on first anniversary of arrest Ontario introduces bill that would protect farmers from animal rights activists, raise trespassing fines Alberta university students want lecturer who denies Ukrainian famine fired Close Daily Headline News Thank you for subscribing to Postmedia's Newsletter. Email By clicking "Submit", I consent to receiving the above communication from Postmedia Network Inc. I understand that I may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. Submit Weather Weather Currently Feels Like We want you to have the most accurate weather report you can. Please enter a valid postal code Latest World News National Why Canada would be directly in the way of a North Korean nuclear war If Kim Jong-Un was to launch a strike at New York City, the intercontinental ballistic missile would pass directly over Ottawa World Most trusted man in freediving drowns after rescuing friend in 26-metre underwater tunnel Freediving, the sport of swimming to extreme depths on a single breath, was crippled last month by the death of a man perpetually in the background World Watch a rhino charge cars on an Indian road while passengers calmly narrate the chaos 'Damn. Look at the size of the thing' Share this story Backlog growing at information commissioner's office Facebook Twitter Reddit Email Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn News All News Local News Saskatchewan Politics National World Business All Business Local Business Energy Mining Mortgages Money Technology FP Markets Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Local Sports Hockey Football Baseball Basketball Golf Soccer MMA Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies Television Music Books Celebrity Life All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes Food Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Festivals Travel Bridges Puzzles & Comics 365 Bloor St East, Toronto, ON, M4W3L4, www.postmedia.com © 2019 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Classifieds Obits Careers Browse Classifieds Place an Ad Driving FlyerCity Local Directory Legal Privacy – Updated Terms Copyright Digital Ad Registry Services Advertise With Us Subscribe My Subscription Edit Profile Contact ePaper Digital Access Contests NIE Properties Calgary Herald Canada.com Edmonton Journal London Free Press Montreal Gazette National Post Ottawa Citizen Leader-Post (Regina) The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun Windsor Star