Bianca Andreescu isn’t feeling the pressure as she prepares to return to the court | Windsor Star	 Skip to navigation Skip to content News All News Local News National Election 2019 World Traffic Business All Business Local Business Energy Technology All Technology Gaming Internet Personal Tech Science Space Tech-Biz FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Hockey All Hockey NHL Detroit Red Wings Toronto Maple Leafs Football All Football NFL Detroit Lions CFL Baseball All Baseball Detroit Tigers Basketball All Basketball NBA NCAA Windsor Express Golf Golf Videos Soccer All Soccer International Soccer MLS Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies All Movies Movie Listings Television All Television TV Listings Music All Music NP Music Books Celebrity Life Milestones All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes All Homes Condos Decorating Gardening Renovating Vacation Homes Food All Food Local Food Reviews Recipes From the Vault Health All Health Diet & Fitness Family & Child Men Women Seniors Sexual Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Travel Obits Classifieds All Classifieds Flyercity Celebrating Browse Listings Place a Classifieds Ad Local Directory Careers Driving All Driving News Reviews Car Comparison Buyer’s Guide Subscription Sports Tennis |Featured: Library Strike Fit Tips Kelly Steele Windsor In Pictures | More Open Search Close Search Search Videos Sign In Sign Out Subscribe Bianca Andreescu isn't feeling the pressure as she prepares to return to the court Bianca Andreescu is letting success go to her head — in a good way. Pat Hickey, Montreal Gazette Updated: September 22, 2019 Share Adjust Comment Print Bianca Andreescu is letting success go to her head — in a good way. Andreescu won the U.S. Open women’s tennis title this month with an emotional win over American Serena Williams, but the 19-year-old from Mississauga, Ont., said she doesn’t expect a letdown when she returns to competition later this month in a WTA Premier event in Beijing. “I’m coming off a big win, but that’s only going to give me momentum and confidence going into Beijing,” Andreescu said Sunday after she wrapped up a week of intense training at Tennis Canada’s National Training Centre. “I’ll have another good week of training next week (in China) so I’m feeling good.” Andreescu originally planned to play this past week in Osaka and the coming week in China, but the draining two-week run in New York and the excitement that followed her win led her to revise her schedule. Montreal Mayor Valérie Plante, left, and Canadian tennis star and 2019 U.S. Open champion Bianca Andreescu prior to the football game between the Alouettes and the Winnipeg Blue Bombers on Saturday, Sept. 21, 2019, in Montreal. Pierre Obendrauf / Montreal Gazette It’s a common sense approach after she missed the clay-court and grass seasons earlier this year after suffering a shoulder injury. “I felt I did play a lot of tennis at the beginning of the year and it accumulated, especially after (winning) at Indian Wells,” said Andreescu. “Maybe I shouldn’t have played Miami, but when you’re coming off a win, you want to keep going. I felt okay, but it was getting worse in Miami.” With US$6 million in official career earnings this year and a top-five ranking, Andreescu is in a position to pick her spots, and she and her team will prioritize the major events next year. The shoulder injury limited Andreescu to one match between Miami in March and the Rogers Cup in Toronto in August. She played the French Open and won in the first round, but then withdrew with an injury. In addition to playing a heavy schedule early in the season, Andreescu experienced a rise in intensity. Last year, she played mostly challenger events and now she was playing and enjoying success on the WTA Tour. She started the season at No. 118 and her ranking was so low that she had to qualify at Indian Wells where she won her first WTA Premier event. She added a second Premier title at the Rogers Cup and then won her very first Grand Slam. Where does she go from here? Her immediate goals are to do well enough in her next two tournaments in China to qualify for the season-ending eight-woman WTA Tour finals in Shenzhen, and she would like to crack the top three in the rankings. And then there’s the next major, the Australian Open in January. Andreescu qualified for this year’s event and lost in the second round. But she’ll be one of the favourites in Melbourne and said she’ll go in knowing she can win a Grand Slam. Her win in New York made her a national hero, and her final against Serena attracted record TV audiences on TSN and RDS. “It’s great,” Andreescu said about her popularity. “It means a lot to me when people say I inspire them. People who say they started tennis because of me or that they never watched tennis but they saw the final against Serena and now they’re going to keep following me.” Andreescu is part of a new generation of Canadian tennis stars, along with Denis Shapovalov and Montreal teenager Félix Auger-Aliassime, and she envisioned a day when tennis would eclipse hockey as the most popular sport in Canada. For at least a month this summer, Andreescu’s dream was a reality. phickey@postmedia.com twitter.com/zababes1 Andreescu first Canuck to win Rogers Cup since Windsor's Faye Urban This Week's Flyers Comments Postmedia is pleased to bring you a new commenting experience. We are committed to maintaining a lively but civil forum for discussion and encourage all readers to share their views on our articles. Comments may take up to an hour for moderation before appearing on the site. We ask you to keep your comments relevant and respectful. Visit our Community Guidelines for more information. Sign in to Comment Connect With Us Latest Sports Video Toronto Maple Leafs Jack Todd: Habs ruin HNIC script by having audacity to trounce Toronto Diet & Fitness Watch: Sleep is forgotten key to better athletic performance Baseball Washington Nationals to wear Montreal Expos jerseys for throwback night Family & Child Canadiens' Max Domi provides support for young diabetics Close Daily Sports Newsletter Thank you for subscribing to Postmedia's Newsletter. Email By clicking "Submit", I consent to receiving the above communication from Postmedia Network Inc. I understand that I may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. Submit Weather Weather Currently Feels Like We want you to have the most accurate weather report you can. Please enter a valid postal code Share this story Bianca Andreescu isn't feeling the pressure as she prepares to return to the court Facebook Twitter Reddit Email Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn News All News Local News National World Traffic Business All Business Local Business Energy Technology FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Hockey Football Baseball Basketball Golf Soccer Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies Television Music Books Celebrity Life Milestones All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes Food From the Vault Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Travel 365 Bloor St East, Toronto, ON, M4W3L4, www.postmedia.com © 2019 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Classifieds Obits Careers Browse Classifieds Place a Classified Ad Celebrating Driving FlyerCity Local Directory Legal Privacy – Updated Terms Copyright & Permissions Digital Ad Registry Services Advertise With Us Subscribe My Subscription Edit Profile Contact ePaper Digital Access Contests Partnerships Properties Calgary Herald Canada.com Edmonton Journal London Free Press Montreal Gazette National Post Ottawa Citizen Leader-Post (Regina) The StarPhoenix (Saskatoon) The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun