Bianca Andreescu misses shot at connecting with Montreal fans | Windsor Star	 Skip to navigation Skip to content News All News Local News National Election 2019 World Traffic Business All Business Local Business Energy Technology All Technology Gaming Internet Personal Tech Science Space Tech-Biz FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Hockey All Hockey NHL Detroit Red Wings Toronto Maple Leafs Football All Football NFL Detroit Lions CFL Baseball All Baseball Detroit Tigers Basketball All Basketball NBA NCAA Windsor Express Golf Golf Videos Soccer All Soccer International Soccer MLS Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies All Movies Movie Listings Television All Television TV Listings Music All Music NP Music Books Celebrity Life Milestones All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes All Homes Condos Decorating Gardening Renovating Vacation Homes Food All Food Local Food Reviews Recipes From the Vault Health All Health Diet & Fitness Family & Child Men Women Seniors Sexual Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Travel Obits Classifieds All Classifieds Flyercity Celebrating Browse Listings Place a Classifieds Ad Local Directory Careers Driving All Driving News Reviews Car Comparison Buyer’s Guide Subscription Sports Tennis |Featured: Library Strike Fit Tips Kelly Steele Windsor In Pictures | More Open Search Close Search Search Videos Sign In Sign Out Subscribe Bianca Andreescu misses shot at connecting with Montreal fans Canadian tennis star shuts out media in her first visit to the city since her seminal U.S. Open victory. Pat Hickey, Montreal Gazette Updated: September 16, 2019 Share Adjust Comment Print I would like to inform you, dear reader, that Bianca Andreescu is happy to be back in Montreal, the city where she honed her considerable skills at Tennis Canada’s national training centre. I would like to tell you that the 19-year-old who captured the hearts of Canadian sports fans with her brilliant run to the U.S. Open title this month, is looking forward to defending her Rogers Cup title when the Canadian Open women’s event returns to Jarry Park next summer. I’d like to offer you insights on her future plans and her health. I can’t do any of those things because Andreescu breezed into town to resume her training this week and her team decided she wasn’t going to speak with the media because she wanted to stay focused on tennis. The decision was reportedly made by her New York-based agent. Canadian tennis star and 2019 U.S. Open champion Bianca Andreescu with her coach coach Sylvain Bruneau during afternoon practice at IGA Stadium in Montreal on Monday Sept. 16, 2019. Pierre Obendrauf / Montreal Gazette Tennis Canada sent out the following invitation: “Back in Montreal after her historic win at the U.S. Open, Bianca Andreescu will be holding a practice session open to the public on Monday. “Members of the media are invited to capture images (video and photo) of the practice. Please note that no interviews will be given.” That invitation to shoot photos is known as a media opportunity but, in fact, it represents a lost opportunity. Andreescu has missed an opportunity to connect with her fans in Montreal. While the concept is often lost on public relations types, the media has traditionally served as a conduit between the athletes and public and I know there are fans here who would appreciate a few words from Andreescu, whose unfiltered interviews during the U.S. Open were delightful. In these days of social media, athletes can communicate directly with their fans but you won’t find the answer to any of those questions above on her twitter feed. It was also a missed opportunity for Tennis Canada to hype next summer’s event, although I suspect Bianca-fever will prevail even if this week leaves a few noses out of joint. I often disagree with my friend Réjean Tremblay, who injects language and nationalism into his commentaries, but he’s right to see Andreescu’s silent treatment as a slap in the face to Montreal. Canadian tennis star and 2019 U.S. Open champion Bianca Andreescu during afternoon practice at IGA Stadium in Montreal on Monday, Sept. 16, 2019. Pierre Obendrauf / Montreal Gazette The city nurtured Andreescu and her game at a training centre funded by taxpayers and tennis fans. The profits from the Rogers Cup make possible Tennis Canada’s development program and Montreal outdraws its Toronto counterpart, especially when the women are in town. This city holds the world record for attendance for a one-week tournament for both men and women. Andreescu made the round of TV shows in New York after her win, trading bon mots with Robin Roberts, Kelly Ripa, Ryan Seacrest and Jimmy Fallon. She met the media last week in Toronto even making time for an appearance with Sid and Tim, a comedy duo masquerading as journalists. But she couldn’t find 15-20 minutes to field questions here. Andreescu and her team could learn from the media-savvy approach taken by fellow teen star Félix Auger-Aliassime. The 19-year-old Montrealer regularly jumps on conference calls from far-flung corners of the world to update the media, patiently answering questions in both official languages. It’s called being a professional. phickey@postmedia.com twitter.com/zababes1 Andreescu first Canuck to win Rogers Cup since Windsor's Faye Urban This Week's Flyers Comments Postmedia is pleased to bring you a new commenting experience. We are committed to maintaining a lively but civil forum for discussion and encourage all readers to share their views on our articles. Comments may take up to an hour for moderation before appearing on the site. We ask you to keep your comments relevant and respectful. Visit our Community Guidelines for more information. Sign in to Comment Connect With Us Latest Sports Video Toronto Maple Leafs Jack Todd: Habs ruin HNIC script by having audacity to trounce Toronto Diet & Fitness Watch: Sleep is forgotten key to better athletic performance Baseball Washington Nationals to wear Montreal Expos jerseys for throwback night Family & Child Canadiens' Max Domi provides support for young diabetics Close Daily Sports Newsletter Thank you for subscribing to Postmedia's Newsletter. Email By clicking "Submit", I consent to receiving the above communication from Postmedia Network Inc. I understand that I may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. Submit Weather Weather Currently Feels Like We want you to have the most accurate weather report you can. Please enter a valid postal code Traffic Share this story Bianca Andreescu misses shot at connecting with Montreal fans Facebook Twitter Reddit Email Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn News All News Local News National World Traffic Business All Business Local Business Energy Technology FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Hockey Football Baseball Basketball Golf Soccer Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies Television Music Books Celebrity Life Milestones All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes Food From the Vault Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Travel 365 Bloor St East, Toronto, ON, M4W3L4, www.postmedia.com © 2019 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Classifieds Obits Careers Browse Classifieds Place a Classified Ad Celebrating Driving FlyerCity Local Directory Legal Privacy – Updated Terms Copyright & Permissions Digital Ad Registry Services Advertise With Us Subscribe My Subscription Edit Profile Contact ePaper Digital Access Contests Partnerships Properties Calgary Herald Canada.com Edmonton Journal London Free Press Montreal Gazette National Post Ottawa Citizen Leader-Post (Regina) The StarPhoenix (Saskatoon) The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun