Boris Johnson and Jeremy Corbyn trade blame over early release of London Bridge attacker | National Post		 Sign In Subscribe Search NationalPost.com ... News All News National World Toronto Politics Full Comment Sports All Sports NHL All NHL Vancouver Canucks Calgary Flames Edmonton Oilers Winnipeg Jets Toronto Maple Leafs Ottawa Senators Montreal Canadiens Baseball Basketball NBA NCAA Football CFL NFL Soccer Golf Golf Videos Tennis Culture All Culture Books Celebrity Movies Music Theatre Television Life All Life Health Homes Eating & Drinking Style Travel Life By Design Parenting Holiday Gift Guides More Horoscopes Jobs Classifieds Obituaries Flyercity Local Directory Driving Subscribe Financial Post Video Boris Johnson and Jeremy Corbyn trade blame over early release of London Bridge attacker Khan, who was released on parole 11 months ago with an electronic tracking device on his ankle, began his attack Friday afternoon as he was entering a conference intended to rehabilitate violent offenders A handout picture taken and released by ITV on November 19, 2019, shows Britain's Prime Minister Boris Johnson (L) and Britain's Labour Party leader Jeremy Corbyn (R) as they debate on the set of "Johnson v Corbyn: The ITV Debate" in Salford, north-west England. Jonathan HORDLE / various sources / AFP Washington Post William Booth December 1, 2019 6:16 PM EST Filed under News World Comment Facebook Twitter Reddit Email More Share this story Boris Johnson and Jeremy Corbyn trade blame over early release of London Bridge attacker Tumblr Pinterest Google+ LinkedIn LONDON — With a general election less than two weeks away, politicians in Britain tore into each other Sunday over the early release of a convicted Islamist terrorist who stabbed two people to death in a knife rampage at London Bridge. As tributes poured out for the victims of the Friday attack, leaders of the Conservative and Labour parties exchanged blows on the Sunday talk shows and speeches on the hustings over which side was responsible for the laws that allowed the homegrown, al-Qaida-inspired Usman Khan to be released after serving less than half his 16-year sentence for plotting to blow up the London Stock Exchange. Khan, who was released on parole 11 months ago with an electronic tracking device on his ankle, began his attack Friday afternoon as he was entering a conference intended to rehabilitate violent offenders and terrorists for a successful return to society. He stabbed at least five people before he was tackled by members of the public and shot dead by police. The queen honored the bystanders who intervened as heroes. “The reason this killer was out on the streets was because of automatic early release which was brought in by a lefty government,” Prime Minister Boris Johnson said on a BBC political affairs show. He was referring to the government of former Labour prime minister Gordon Brown, which ended in 2010. Host Andrew Marr repeatedly challenged Johnson, reminding his guest – and viewers – that Johnson’s Conservative party has been in power for nearly 10 years. Johnson refused to concede any responsibility. Whatever the Tories failed to do in the past, he said, if he wins a majority in Dec. 12 elections, his government will fix it. “I think it is ridiculous, I think it is repulsive, that individuals as dangerous as this man should be allowed out after serving only eight years and that’s why we are going to change the law,” Johnson vowed. Labour Party leader Jeremey Corbyn, Johnson’s principal opponent in the elections, called the government’s early release of Khan “a complete disaster” and called for a “very full investigation.” A combination of undated handout pictures received in London from the Metropolitan Police on December 1, 2019 shows (L-R) Jack Merritt and Saskia Jones, the victims of the terror attack near London Bridge on Friday November 29, 2019. handout a speech in York on Sunday, Corbyn took aim at the cuts to police forces since the Conservatives came into power – a deficit of some 20,000 officers compared to years before. “A failure to recruit has left huge staffing shortfalls and staff supervising more cases than ever expected, posing again a serious risk to our security,” Corbyn said. “You can’t keep people safe on the cheap.” Into this febrile mix, President Donald Trump is scheduled to arrive for a meeting of NATO leaders on Tuesday and Wednesday. Trump in the past has found it irresistible to wade into British electoral politics, and all sides expect him to do so again. As Trump’s ally Johnson was swatting back blame, the Ministry of Justice revealed that 74 people convicted of terror offenses are now living, under supervision, in British society. The Sunday Times reported that Khan “had been granted permission by his parole officer to travel to London even though he was one of 3,000 extremists” on the MI5 “watch list.” The MI5 is Britain’s domestic intelligence service. Ian Acheson, a former top counterterrorism official, wrote that he had warned Conservative officials for years that they were treating released terrorists with “jaw-dropping naivete.” Corbyn, who has long spoken out against military action, said Britain’s foreign interventions have fueled conflict and brought terror to Britain. He told supporters he had warned against the 2003 invasion of Iraq, and “we are still living with the consequences today.” Police vans block the south side entrance to Lonon Bridge in the City of London, on December 1, 2019, following the November 29 deadly terror incident. Ben STANSALL / AFP “The war on terror has manifestly failed,” Corbyn said. “Britain’s repeated military interventions in North Africa and the wider Middle East, including Afghanistan, have exacerbated rather than resolved the problems.” Johnson has often accused Corbyn of siding with terror groups, such as Hamas and Hezbollah. Opinion surveys of voting intent for the coming election have consistently shown Johnson’s Conservatives with a solid lead and clear path to majority government. But pollsters warn the electorate is still making up its mind – divided not only over parties and ideologies but Brexit – and they note that former Prime Minister Theresa May squandered her 20-point lead in days in the 2017 election. Jo Swinson, the leader of the Liberal Democrats, accused Johnson of “politicizing” the terrorist attack, of turning it into a “distasteful” election issue. Johnson said he would seek much tougher sentences for convicted terrorists. “The suggestion that there’s some immediate law change, that you can do this with some tough rhetoric and, as he has done, link majority government to success in tackling terror, I just think it leaves a nasty taste in the mouth,” Swinson told the BBC. One of the two people who died in the attack was Jack Merritt, 25, who worked for a prison rehabilitation program of the University of Cambridge, which was hosting the conference to which Khan was invited. A woman whose name has not been released also died. Three others are recovering in hospital from injuries. David Merritt, Jack’s father, described his son as a “beautiful spirit” who “always took the side of the underdog.” He said his son would “not wish his death to be used as the pretext for more draconian sentences or for detaining people unnecessarily.” Shami Chakrabarti, a top member of the Labour Party and an attorney, told the BBC, “I’m not prepared to say that any political party could have prevented what happened on Friday.” Comments Join the conversation → Share your feedback We want to improve your reading experience Take our 60-second survey Top News Videos WatchThe Dark North podcast: How the Rizzuto family, Hells Angels conquered Montreal Unlikely NDP star candidate Ruth Ellen Brosseau fights to hang on to party toehold in Quebec WatchQuebec school board that rejected Bill 21 will implement it this September WatchOka asks Ottawa to freeze Mohawk land deal, send RCMP to Kanesatake Close Daily Headline News Thank you for subscribing to Postmedia's Newsletter. Email By clicking "Submit", I consent to receiving the above communication from Postmedia Network Inc. I understand that I may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. Submit Latest News Fishmongers Hall exec details how employee and patrons fought knife-wielding London terrorist 'Sweating all over me': BBC to air interview with Virginia Giuffre, who says she was forced to have sex with Prince Andrew Ex-FBI lawyer Lisa Page says Trump's 'demeaning fake orgasm' was the last straw Seven words in a 3.5-hour movie: De Niro defends Anna Paquin’s role in ‘The Irishman’ Toronto Weather -1°C Light snow Feels like -5°C Tuesday 1°C Wednesday 2°C Thursday 0°C Friday 2°C Complete Forecast World Fishmongers Hall exec details how employee and patrons fought knife-wielding London terrorist 'Sweating all over me': BBC to air interview with Virginia Giuffre, who says she was forced to have sex with Prince Andrew Ex-FBI lawyer Lisa Page says Trump's 'demeaning fake orgasm' was the last straw Seven words in a 3.5-hour movie: De Niro defends Anna Paquin’s role in ‘The Irishman’ Two members leave Nobel literature committee, criticizing Swedish Academy for taking 'too long' with reforms Six rescue attempts failed to free him, says former Taliban hostage Timothy Weeks Twenty dead, including four cops, as Mexican cartel riding in skull-decorated trucks attacks town Malta's leader to quit as scrutiny heightens over reporter's murder Impeachment process shifts to House Judiciary Committee but Trump won't be there Man who helped thwart London terror attack with a narwhal tusk hailed as hero Disgraced Prince Andrew retains Canadian military roles Man who stabbed two people to death on London Bridge had previous terror convictions Top Stories WatchHow Alberta completely eradicated rats from the province by declaring war on rodent hordes The result is that Alberta is a magical land where rats never destroy vegetable gardens and nobody gets diseased from rat droppings in their attic WatchBeyond Jordan Peterson: A National Post investigation into the state of free speech on campuses Is free speech under threat on university campuses today? Are governments right to intervene? Canada's cocaine cowboys: How a two-year RCMP sting led all the way to Mexican kingpin El Chapo A blood-soaked trail of interconnected traffickers and deals ran from the RCMP's Operation Harrington to the Sinaloa Cartel Everything you need to know about the flu, its symptoms and how to prevent it A common misconception is that influenza is the same as the stomach flu, but while influenza can lead to vomiting and diarrhoea, these are uncommon symptoms This Week's Flyers Comments Postmedia is pleased to bring you a new commenting experience. We are committed to maintaining a lively but civil forum for discussion and encourage all readers to share their views on our articles. We ask you to keep your comments relevant and respectful. Visit our community guidelines for more information. Sign in to Comment Classifieds Remembering Celebrating Classifieds Marketplace Careers FlyerCity Post a Classifieds ad Local Directory Advertise with Us Partnerships Appointment Notice Solutions Resources Content Works Sales Directory About Us My Account Subscriber Self-Serve ePaper Contact Us Stay Connected © 2019 National Post, a division of Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP 365 Bloor St East, Toronto, ON, M4W3L4, www.postmedia.com Privacy - Updated Terms Copyright Digital Ad Registry Site Map Contact Us