Breaking News from Windsor, Canada & the World  | Windsor Star	 Skip to navigation Skip to content News All News Local News National Election 2019 World Traffic Business All Business Local Business Energy Technology All Technology Gaming Internet Personal Tech Science Space Tech-Biz FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Hockey All Hockey NHL Detroit Red Wings Toronto Maple Leafs Football All Football NFL Detroit Lions CFL Baseball All Baseball Detroit Tigers Basketball All Basketball NBA NCAA Windsor Express Golf Golf Videos Soccer All Soccer International Soccer MLS Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies All Movies Movie Listings Television All Television TV Listings Music All Music NP Music Books Celebrity Life Milestones All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes All Homes Condos Decorating Gardening Renovating Vacation Homes Food All Food Local Food Reviews Recipes From the Vault Health All Health Diet & Fitness Family & Child Men Women Seniors Sexual Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Travel Obits Classifieds All Classifieds Flyercity Celebrating Browse Listings Place a Classifieds Ad Local Directory Careers Driving All Driving News Reviews Car Comparison Buyer’s Guide Subscription News Local News National World Traffic |Featured: Windsor International Film Festival Obesity Life After Death Spitfires Dying for a Drink Exit Wounds Election 2019 100 years of Point Pelee Opioid Crisis Windsor Tech Cannabis Help Wanted Anne Jarvis Windsor-Detroit bridge Woofa-Roo 2019 Reader Letters | More Open Search Close Search Search Videos Sign In Sign Out Subscribe World 'Sweating all over me': BBC to air interview with Virginia Giuffre, who says she was ... News Disgraced Prince Andrew retains Canadian military roles World Ex-FBI lawyer Lisa Page says Trump's 'demeaning fake orgasm' was the last straw Huawei's Meng Wanzhou thanks supporters for 'warmth' and 'kindness' on first anniversary of arrest Diane Francis: Trudeau’s ridiculous, holier-than-thou climate policies are making emissions much worse Did Donald Trump just take the trade war to a whole new level? cannabis Why haven't more Canadians applied for pot pardons? World Seven words in a 3.5-hour movie: De Niro defends Anna Paquin’s role in ‘The Irishman’ World Twenty dead, including four cops, as Mexican cartel riding in skull-decorated trucks attacks town News Man who helped thwart London terror attack with a narwhal tusk hailed as hero World Six rescue attempts failed to free him, says former Taliban hostage Timothy Weeks Nine secrets of a Canadian sex worker: 'I hung out for 20 minutes and left ... Get ready to pay more for spuds as French fry frenzy and poor harvest sap ... Amherstburg Diageo workers ratify 3-year contract Unionized workers at Diageo Canada’s Amherstburg bottling plant ratified a three-year contract Sunday with $6,000 in bonuses over the three years. Local News CP Holiday Train arrives in Windsor, $7K for local food banks Local News Local home sale prices expected to make another big hike in 2020 Local News Windsor's Santa Claus parade lights up downtown Local News Vigil walk and red ribbons mark World AIDS Day in Windsor Local News Nemak's Windsor plant to close in 2020 after arbitrator's decision Local News Ontario nurses group launches petition to get Windsor police to carry naloxone Local News Police arrest fleeing suspect following downtown assault Windsor police have an alert citizen to thank for the arrest of an assault suspect over the weekend. After a citizen reported what was believed to be a fight at a resident in the 400 block of Crawford Avenue on Saturday, patrol officers responded to the area, police said. Local News Ontario auditor general to assess PC climate change plan Local News Windsor woman dies in Chatham-Kent crash Local News Flood watch issued for Windsor-Essex A flood watch was issued Saturday for Lake St. Clair, Detroit River and Lake Erie shorelines in Windsor-Essex. Local News Next phase launched in ongoing effort to save historic Assumption Church With the doors reopened, heat turned on and weekend mass back in place for parishioners at 174-year-old Assumption Church, the focus has shifted to the next phase of renovations needed to save the historic Windsor landmark. Election 2019 Was the federal election a case of the right product but the wrong packaging for ... 'This isn’t just anger': Seven prominent voices assess the post-election mood out West Andrew Coyne: Sorry Albertchewan, cabinet ministers are supposed to be elected, not selected Chris Selley: Rethinking the shameless election, and how it was covered — damp squib and ... This Week's Flyers National Ontario introduces bill that would protect farmers from animal rights activists, raise trespassing fines One dead, many injured in Kingston Highway 401 snowstorm pileup 'The bugs were so thick around my head because of the blood': What it's like ... World Fishmongers Hall exec details how employee and patrons fought knife-wielding London terrorist Two members leave Nobel literature committee, criticizing Swedish Academy for taking 'too long' with reforms Malta's leader to quit as scrutiny heightens over reporter's murder Impeachment process shifts to House Judiciary Committee but Trump won't be there Boris Johnson and Jeremy Corbyn trade blame over early release of London Bridge attacker Man who stabbed two people to death on London Bridge had previous terror convictions Business Photos: Business community learns about revolutionary tech trends Chamber and Accelerator partner up to help local businesses succeed Greenhouse hydro use will soar within five years Windsor's Black Moss Press celebrates 50 years of publishing More News Victims of London Bridge terrorist attack named The Metropolitan Police in the United Kingdom of the two individuals who died after a terror attack at London Bridge this past Friday. Business U.S. Black Friday shoppers stay away from stores, make $7B-plus splurge online National Ontario ticket takes Saturday’s $17.6M Lotto 649 jackpot World Pope Francis condemns 'virus' of consumerism like Black Friday, Cyber Monday VATICAN CITY — Pope Francis on Sunday urged people to resist the excesses of consumerism in the period leading up to Christmas, calling it a virus that attacks faith and offends the needy. Local News Climate change fight offers opportunities for municipalities, symposium hears If climate change were ever disproven, local efforts to mitigate its projected adverse effects would still benefit life in the region. Business Retailers see biggest-ever Cyber Monday after record online Black Friday U.S. retailers kicked off Cyber Monday by launching a slew of deals earlier than usual over the weekend, seeking to sustain the momentum of a record $11. Local News Catholic board developing policy on service animals in the classroom If Fido is a certified service dog he could be headed to a classroom in the Windsor-Essex Catholic District School Board next year. Local News Lease deal could open Duff-Baby Mansion up to the public A group dedicated to promoting the seldom-seen Duff-Baby Mansion is excited that city council may soon approve a new lease that would open the region’s oldest and most historic house up to the public. Local News U of Windsor first to offer campus-wide 24/7 counselling services The University of Windsor is the first post-secondary institution in Ontario to offer 24/7 counselling services to the entire student population. Local News Windsor Comedy Festival returns in December Looking for a laugh this holiday season? The Windsor Comedy Festival has you covered. For the seventh year in a row, comedians will return to the Chrysler Theatre in December to vie for chuckles and a spot in the Next Best Comic competition. Local News All-female Afro-Cuban jazz collective coming to Windsor What started out as a project to mentor and support young female Cuban musicians, an all-female Afro-Cuban jazz collective led by veteran Toronto musician Jane Bunnett has quickly made big waves in the jazz scene. Local News Masse hopeful new Parliament session will 'get stuff done' Windsor West MP Brian Masse is hoping the chastening delivered by voters to the governing Liberals in October’s federal election will be the grease that gets the legislative gears turning again when Canada’s 43rd Parliament begins sitting Wednesday. Local News Windsor makes appearance (kind of) in The Irishman There's been a lot of talk about Martin Scorsese's latest crime epic The Irishman — but has anyone mentioned Windsor's blink-and-you'll-miss-it cameo in the movie? Local News Witness: CEO was never told about pilot being pressured to fly President of Owen Sound Transportation Company testifies she wasn't informed of pilot's concerns Local News Chatham-Kent dog’s care for kittens goes viral Staff at Pet and Wildlife Rescue in Chatham-Kent are “completely baffled” by the international response to a story of a dog caring for five kittens in the cold. Page 1 of 4031 Connect With Us Weather Weather Currently Feels Like We want you to have the most accurate weather report you can. Please enter a valid postal code Latest National News World Ohio bill would make doctors 'reimplant' ectopic pregnancies (which is impossible) or face 'abortion murder' ... World U.K. police shoot attacker dead during 'terrorism-related' London Bridge knife rampage World China-born B.C. politician Richard Lee releases letter sent to Chinese government on detainees Spavor and ... Most Read Kid Rock opens up about foul-mouthed Oprah Winfrey rant | Windsor Star Pussycat Dolls’ raunchy ‘nearly naked’ reunion sparks 400 complaints | Windsor Star Windsor woman dies in Chatham-Kent crash | Windsor Star Man gets house arrest for defrauding employer of almost $1 million | Windsor Star Traffic News All News Local News National World Traffic Business All Business Local Business Energy Technology FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Hockey Football Baseball Basketball Golf Soccer Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies Television Music Books Celebrity Life Milestones All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes Food From the Vault Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Travel 365 Bloor St East, Toronto, ON, M4W3L4, www.postmedia.com © 2019 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Classifieds Obits Careers Browse Classifieds Place a Classified Ad Celebrating Driving FlyerCity Local Directory Legal Privacy – Updated Terms Copyright & Permissions Digital Ad Registry Services Advertise With Us Subscribe My Subscription Edit Profile Contact ePaper Digital Access Contests Partnerships Properties Calgary Herald Canada.com Edmonton Journal London Free Press Montreal Gazette National Post Ottawa Citizen Leader-Post (Regina) The StarPhoenix (Saskatoon) The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun Post to Cancel