C$ posts November decline as data shows slower economic growth | Windsor Star	 Skip to navigation Skip to content News All News Local News National Election 2019 World Traffic Business All Business Local Business Energy Technology All Technology Gaming Internet Personal Tech Science Space Tech-Biz FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Hockey All Hockey NHL Detroit Red Wings Toronto Maple Leafs Football All Football NFL Detroit Lions CFL Baseball All Baseball Detroit Tigers Basketball All Basketball NBA NCAA Windsor Express Golf Golf Videos Soccer All Soccer International Soccer MLS Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies All Movies Movie Listings Television All Television TV Listings Music All Music NP Music Books Celebrity Life Milestones All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes All Homes Condos Decorating Gardening Renovating Vacation Homes Food All Food Local Food Reviews Recipes From the Vault Health All Health Diet & Fitness Family & Child Men Women Seniors Sexual Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Travel Obits Classifieds All Classifieds Flyercity Celebrating Browse Listings Place a Classifieds Ad Local Directory Careers Driving All Driving News Reviews Car Comparison Buyer’s Guide Subscription Business Local Business Energy Technology FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Small Business |Featured: Fiat-Chrysler Grace Macaluso Driving | More Open Search Close Search Search Videos Sign In Sign Out Subscribe C$ posts November decline as data shows slower economic growth Reuters Updated: November 29, 2019 The Canadian loonie. National Post Share Adjust Comment Print TORONTO — The Canadian dollar was little changed against the greenback on Friday, posting a decline for the month as investors worried about U.S.-China tensions and data showed that Canada’s economic growth slowed as expected in the third quarter. At 3:31 p.m. (2031 GMT), the Canadian dollar was trading nearly unchanged at 1.3279 to the greenback, or 75.31 U.S. cents. The currency traded in a range of 1.3272 to 1.3314. For the month, the loonie was down 0.9% after it was pressured by a more dovish stance from the Bank of Canada. Ahead of the central bank’s Dec. 4 interest rate decision, official data showed that the Canadian economy expanded at an annualized rate of 1.3% in the third quarter on higher business investment and increased household spending. That was slower than the 3.5% pace in the previous quarter but was close to analysts’ expectations. “The headlines are bang on expectations but below the surface there is plenty to be optimistic about,” said Adam Button, chief currency analyst at ForexLive. “If anything, the GDP data makes it less likely that the Bank of Canada will cut rates or signal that it will cut rates in the coming months.” Money markets see about a 40% chance that the central bank would cut by March. Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau said a little more work needed to be done on a new continental trade deal which has run into opposition from some U.S. Democrats over labor and environmental provisions. Canada sends about 75% of its exports to the United States, including oil. Oil slumped and Wall Street’s major indexes fell as U.S.-China discord over Hong Kong fueled investor anxiety about trade talks. U.S. crude oil futures were down 4.6% at $55.42 a barrel. Canadian government bond prices were higher across the yield curve, with the two-year up 2 Canadian cents to yield 1.58% and the 10-year rising 11 Canadian cents to yield 1.456%. (Reporting by Fergal Smith Editing by Marguerita Choy and Lisa Shumaker) Harrow winemaker Colio partners with cannabis firm for pot-infused drink This Week's Flyers Comments Postmedia is pleased to bring you a new commenting experience. We are committed to maintaining a lively but civil forum for discussion and encourage all readers to share their views on our articles. Comments may take up to an hour for moderation before appearing on the site. We ask you to keep your comments relevant and respectful. Visit our Community Guidelines for more information. Sign in to Comment Connect With Us News Releases Promoted by Business Wire P&G 2019 Citizenship Report Highlights Commitment to Community Impact, Gender Equality, Diversity & Inclusion and ... Roxgold Intersects 19.73 gpt Over 23 Metres in Ancien at Ségéula Gold Project SES and Luxembourg Government Renew Orbital Concession, Establish New Fund for Space Sector Investor Tej Kohli Expands 'Venture Philanthropy' Into 3d-printed Bionic Arms More News Releases Share this story C$ posts November decline as data shows slower economic growth Facebook Twitter Reddit Email Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn News All News Local News National World Traffic Business All Business Local Business Energy Technology FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Hockey Football Baseball Basketball Golf Soccer Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies Television Music Books Celebrity Life Milestones All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes Food From the Vault Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Travel 365 Bloor St East, Toronto, ON, M4W3L4, www.postmedia.com © 2019 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Classifieds Obits Careers Browse Classifieds Place a Classified Ad Celebrating Driving FlyerCity Local Directory Legal Privacy – Updated Terms Copyright & Permissions Digital Ad Registry Services Advertise With Us Subscribe My Subscription Edit Profile Contact ePaper Digital Access Contests Partnerships Properties Calgary Herald Canada.com Edmonton Journal London Free Press Montreal Gazette National Post Ottawa Citizen Leader-Post (Regina) The StarPhoenix (Saskatoon) The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun