Call sign - Wikipedia Call sign From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia Jump to navigation Jump to search Unique designation for a transmitting station This article needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. Find sources: "Call sign" – news · newspapers · books · scholar · JSTOR (March 2013) (Learn how and when to remove this template message) In broadcasting and radio communications, a call sign (also known as a call name or call letters—and historically as a call signal—or abbreviated as a call) is a unique designation for a transmitter station. In the United States of America, they are used for all FCC-licensed transmitters.[1] A call sign can be formally assigned by a government agency, informally adopted by individuals or organizations, or even cryptographically encoded to disguise a station's identity. The use of call signs as unique identifiers dates to the landline railroad telegraph system. Because there was only one telegraph line linking all railroad stations, there needed to be a way to address each one when sending a telegram. In order to save time, two-letter identifiers were adopted for this purpose. This pattern continued in radiotelegraph operation; radio companies initially assigned two-letter identifiers to coastal stations and stations aboard ships at sea. These were not globally unique, so a one-letter company identifier (for instance, 'M' and two letters as a Marconi station) was later added. By 1912, the need to quickly identify stations operated by multiple companies in multiple nations required an international standard; an ITU prefix would be used to identify a country, and the rest of the call sign an individual station in that country.[2] Contents 1 Transportation 1.1 Maritime 1.2 Aviation 1.3 Spaceflight 2 Broadcasting 3 Amateur radio 4 Military call signs 5 Transmitters requiring no call signs 6 Callbooks 7 See also 8 References 9 Further reading 10 External links Transportation[edit] Maritime[edit] Russian nuclear icebreaker Arktika with call sign UKTY Main article: Maritime call signs Merchant and naval vessels are assigned call signs by their national licensing authorities. In the case of states such as Liberia or Panama, which are flags of convenience for ship registration, call signs for larger vessels consist of the national prefix plus three letters (for example, 3LXY, and sometimes followed by a number, i.e. 3LXY2). United States merchant vessels are given call signs beginning with the letters "W" or "K" while US naval ships are assigned call signs beginning with "N". Originally, both ships and broadcast stations were assigned call signs in this series consisting of three or four letters. Ships equipped with Morse code radiotelegraphy, or life boat radio sets, Aviation ground stations, broadcast stations were given four letter call signs. Maritime coast stations on high frequency (both radiotelegraphy and radiotelephony) were assigned three letter call signs. As demand for both marine radio and broadcast call signs grew, gradually American-flagged vessels with radiotelephony only were given longer call signs with mixed letters and numbers. Leisure craft with VHF radios may not be assigned call signs, in which case the name of the vessel is used instead. Ships in the US still wishing to have a radio license are under FCC class SA: "Ship recreational or voluntarily equipped." Those calls follow the land mobile format of the initial letter K or W followed by 1 or 2 letters followed by 3 or 4 numbers (such as KX0983 or WXX0029). U.S. Coast Guard small boats have a number that is shown on both bows (i.e. port and starboard) in which the first two digits indicate the nominal length of the boat in feet. For example, Coast Guard 47021 refers to the 21st in the series of 47-foot motor lifeboats. The call sign might be abbreviated to the final two or three numbers during operations, for example: Coast Guard zero two one. Aviation[edit] Main article: Aviation call signs Originally Aviation mobile (aircraft) stations equipped with radiotelegraphy were assigned five-letter call signs. (e.g. KHAAQ). Land Stations in Aviation were assigned four letter call signs. (e.g. WEAL - Eastern Air Lines, NYC.) These call signs were phased out in the 1960s when flight radio officers (FRO) were no longer required on international flights. USSR kept FROs for the Moscow-Havana run until around 2000. Currently all signs in aviation are derived from several different policies, depending upon the type of flight operation and whether or not the caller is in an aircraft or at a ground facility. In most countries, unscheduled general aviation flights identify themselves using the call sign corresponding to the aircraft's registration number (also called N-number in the U.S., or tail number). In this case, the call sign is spoken using the International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) phonetic alphabet. Aircraft registration numbers internationally follow the pattern of a country prefix, followed by a unique identifier made up of letters and numbers. For example, an aircraft registered as N978CP conducting a general aviation flight would use the call sign November-niner-seven-eight-Charlie-Papa. However, in the United States a pilot of an aircraft would normally omit saying November, and instead use the name of the aircraft manufacturer or the specific model. At times, general aviation pilots might omit additional preceding numbers and use only the last three numbers and letters. This is especially true at uncontrolled fields (those without control towers) when reporting traffic pattern positions or at towered airports after establishing two-way communication with the tower controller. For example, Skyhawk eight-Charlie-Papa, left base. In most countries, the aircraft call sign or "tail number"/"tail letters" (also known as registration marks) are linked to the international radio call sign allocation table and follow a convention that aircraft radio stations (and, by extension, the aircraft itself) receive call signs consisting of five letters. For example, all British civil aircraft have a five-letter registration beginning with the letter G, which can also serve for a call sign. Canadian aircraft have a call sign beginning with C–F or C–G, such as C–FABC. Wing In Ground-effect vehicles (hovercraft) in Canada are eligible to receive C–Hxxx call signs, and ultralight aircraft receive C-Ixxx call signs. In days gone by, even American aircraft used five letter call signs, such as KH–ABC, but they were replaced prior to World War II by the current American system of civilian aircraft call signs (see below). One exception to the parallelism between registration and call sign is Ultralight aeroplanes in France, who are not obliged to carry a radio and indeed often don't. Spaceflight[edit] Main article: Spacecraft call signs Radio call signs used for communication in manned spaceflight is not formalized or regulated to the same degree as for aircraft. The three nations currently launching manned space missions use different methods to identify the ground and space radio stations; the United States uses either the names given to the space vehicles, or else the project name and mission number. Russia traditionally assigns code names as call signs to individual cosmonauts, more in the manner of aviator call signs, rather than to the spacecraft. The only continuity in call signs for spacecraft have been the issuance of "ISS"-suffixed call signs by various countries in the Amateur Radio service as a citizen of their country has been assigned there. The first Amateur Radio call sign assigned to the International Space Station was NA1SS by the United States. OR4ISS (Belgium), DP0ISS (Germany), and RS0ISS (Russia) are examples of others, but are not all-inclusive of others also issued. Broadcasting[edit] A 1940 QSL card for WWV, indicating its early location in the U.S. state of Maryland Main article: Broadcast call signs Broadcasters are allocated call signs in many countries. While broadcast radio stations will often brand themselves with plain-text names, identities such as "cool FM", "rock 105" or "the ABC network" are not globally unique. Another station in another city or country may (and often will) have a similar brand, and the name of a broadcast station for legal purposes is normally its internationally recognised ITU call sign. Some common conventions are followed in each country. Broadcast stations in North America generally use call signs in the international series. In the United States, the first letter generally is K for stations located west of the Mississippi River and W for eastern stations. Historic exceptions in the east include KYW in Philadelphia and KDKA in Pittsburgh, while western exceptions include WHB in Kansas City. All new call signs have been 4-character for some decades, though there are historical 3-character call letters still in use today, such as KSL in Salt Lake City, KOA in Denver, WHO in Des Moines, WWJ in Detroit, WJW in Cleveland, WBT in Charlotte, WSM in Nashville, WGR in Buffalo, KHJ in Los Angeles, and WGN plus WLS (AM) 890 and WLS-TV in Chicago. American radio stations announce their call signs at the top of each hour, as well as sign-on and sign-off for stations that do not broadcast 24 hours. In Canada, the publicly owned Canadian Broadcasting Corporation uses the prefix CB; privately owned commercial broadcast stations use primarily CF and CH through CK prefixes; and four stations licensed to St. John's by the Dominion of Newfoundland government retain their original VO calls. In Mexico, AM radio stations use XE call signs (such as XEW-AM), while the majority of FM radio and television stations use XH. Broadcast call signs are normally four or five alpha characters in length, plus the -FM, -TV, or -TDT suffix where applicable. In South America call signs have been a traditional way of identifying radio and TV stations. Some stations still broadcast their call signs a few times a day, but this practice is becoming very rare. Argentinian broadcast call signs consist of two or three letters followed by multiple numbers, the second and third letters indicating region. In Brazil, radio and TV stations are identified by a ZY, a third letter and three numbers. ZYA and ZYB are allocated to television stations, ZYI, ZYJ, ZYL and ZYK designate AM stations, ZYG is used for shortwave stations, ZYC, ZYD, ZYM and ZYU are given to FM stations. In Australia, broadcast call signs are optional, but are allocated by the Australian Communications and Media Authority and are unique for each broadcast station. Most European and Asian countries do not use call signs to identify broadcast stations, but Japan, South Korea, Indonesia, the Philippines and Taiwan do have call sign systems. Britain has no call signs in the American sense, but allows broadcast stations to choose their own trade mark call sign up to six words in length. Amateur radio[edit] Main article: Amateur radio call signs All U.S. states issue call sign license plates for motor vehicles owned by amateur radio operators. This road vehicle is from California. Amateur radio call signs are in the international series and normally consist of a one or two character prefix, a digit (which may be used to denote a geographical area, class of license, or identify a licensee as a visitor or temporary resident), and a 1, 2, or 3 letter suffix. In Australia, call signs are structured with a two letter prefix, a digit (which identifies geographical area), and a 2, 3 or 4 letter suffix. This suffix may be followed by a further suffix, or personal identifier, such as /P (portable), /M (mobile), /AM (aeronautical mobile) or /MM (maritime mobile). The number following the prefix is normally a single number (0 to 9). Some prefixes, such as Djibouti's (J2), consist of a letter followed by a number. Hence, in the hypothetical Djibouti call sign, J29DBA, the prefix is J2, the number is 9, and the suffix is DBA. Others may start with a number followed by a letter, for example, Jamaican call signs begin with 6Y. When operating with reciprocal agreements under the jurisdiction of a foreign government, an identifying station pre-pends the call sign with the country prefix and number of the country/territory from which the operation is occurring. For example, W4/G3ABC would denote a licensed amateur from the United Kingdom who is operating in the fourth district of the United States. There are exceptions; in the case of U.S./Canadian reciprocal operations, the country/territory identifier is, instead, appended to the call sign; e.g., W1AW/VE4, or VE3XYZ/W1. Special call signs are issued in the amateur radio service either for special purposes, VIPs, or for temporary use to commemorate special events. Examples include VO1S (VO1 as a Dominion of Newfoundland call sign prefix, S to commemorate Marconi's first trans-Atlantic message, a single-character Morse code S sent from Cornwall, England to Signal Hill, St. John's in 1901) and GB90MGY (GB as a Great Britain call sign prefix, 90 and MGY to commemorate the 90th anniversary of historic 1912 radio distress calls from MGY, the Marconi station aboard the famed White Star luxury liner RMS Titanic).[3] The late King Hussein of Jordan was issued a special amateur license number, JY1, which would have been the shortest possible call sign issued by the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan. When identifying a station by voice, the call sign may be given by simply stating the letters and numbers, or using a phonetic alphabet. Some countries mandate the use of the phonetic alphabet for identification. Military call signs[edit] Main article: Military call signs In wartime, monitoring an adversary's communications can be a valuable form of intelligence. Consistent call signs can aid in this monitoring, so in wartime, military units often employ tactical call signs and sometimes change them at regular intervals. In peacetime, some military stations will use fixed call signs in the international series. The United States Army uses fixed station call signs which begin with W, such as WAR, used by U.S. Army Headquarters. Fixed call signs for the United States Air Force stations begin with A, such as AIR, used by USAF Headquarters. The United States Navy, United States Marine Corps, and United States Coast Guard use a mixture of tactical call signs and international call signs beginning with the letter N. In the British military, tactical voice communications use a system of call signs of the form letter-digit-digit. Within a standard infantry battalion, these characters represent companies, platoons and sections respectively, so that 3 Section, 1 Platoon of F Company might be F13. In addition, a suffix following the initial call sign can denote a specific individual or grouping within the designated call sign, so F13C would be the Charlie fire team. Unused suffixes can be used for other call signs that do not fall into the standard call sign matrix, for example the unused 33A call sign is used to refer to the company sergeant major. Transmitters requiring no call signs[edit] No call signs are issued to transmitters of the long-range navigation systems (Decca, Alpha, Omega), or transmitters on frequencies below 10 kHz, because frequencies below 10 kHz are not subject to international regulations. In addition, in some countries lawful unlicensed low-power personal and broadcast radio signals (Citizen's Band, Part 15 or ISM bands) are permitted; an international call sign is not issued to such stations due to their unlicensed nature. Also, wireless network routers or mobile devices and computers using Wi-Fi are unlicensed and do not have call signs. On some personal radio services, such as Citizen's Band, it is considered a matter of etiquette to create one's own call sign, which is called a handle (or trail name). Some wireless networking protocols also allow SSIDs or MAC addresses to be set as identifiers, but with no guarantee that this label will remain unique. International regulations no longer require a call sign for broadcast stations; however, they are still required for broadcasters in many countries, including the United States. Mobile phone services do not use call signs on-air because the phones and their users are not licensed, instead the cell operator is the one holding the license. However, the U.S. still assigns a call sign to each mobile-phone spectrum license. In the United States, voluntary ships operating domestically are not required to have a call sign or license to operate VHF radios, radar or an EPIRB. Voluntary ships (mostly pleasure and recreational) are not required to have a radio. However, ships which are required to have radio equipment (most large commercial vessels) are issued a call sign.[4] Callbooks[edit] Department of Commerce callbook, 1919 A directory of radio station call signs is called a callbook. Callbooks were originally bound books that resembled a telephone directory and contained the name and addressees of licensed radio stations in a given jurisdiction (country). Modern Electrics published the first callbook in the United States in 1909.[5] Today, the primary purpose of a callbook is to allow amateur radio operators to send a confirmation post card, called a QSL card to an operator with whom they have communicated via radio. Callbooks have evolved to include on-line databases that are accessible via the Internet to instantly obtain the address of another amateur radio operator and their QSL Managers. The most well known and used on-line QSL databases include QRZ.COM,[6] IK3QAR,[7] HamCall,[8] F6CYV,[9] DXInfo,[10] OZ7C[11] and QSLInfo.[12] See also[edit] NATO phonetic alphabet Pan-pan Procedure word Pseudonym References[edit] ^ "CALL SIGNS/LETTERS - The Museum of Broadcast Communications". Museum.tv. Archived from the original on 2016-03-14. Retrieved 2016-03-05. ^ "Radio Call Letters" (PDF). U.S. Department of Commerce, Bureau of Navigation. 1913-05-09. Retrieved 2019-05-19. ^ GB90MGY Archived 2008-09-08 at the Wayback Machine, Titanic Wireless Commemorative Group, Godalming, Surrey ^ "FCC: Wireless Services: Ship Radio Stations: Licensing". ^ Gernsback, H (May 1909). First Annual Official Wireless Blue Book of the Wireless Association of America (PDF). New York: Modern Electrics Publication. Retrieved 2018-08-14. ^ "QRZ.COM". Retrieved 2010-11-24. ^ "Qsl Manager - Qsl Info on-line". Retrieved 2010-11-24. ^ "World Wide HamCall Callsign Server". Retrieved 2010-11-24. ^ "QSL INFORMATION by F6CYV". Archived from the original on 2011-07-20. Retrieved 2010-11-24. ^ "DXInfo, your DX web resource". Archived from the original on 2010-11-11. Retrieved 2010-11-24. ^ "QSL Search machine by OZ7C". Retrieved 2010-11-24. ^ "QSLInfo". Retrieved 2010-11-24. Further reading[edit] United States Federal Aviation Administration, Aeronautical Information Manual, Official Guide to Basic Flight Information and ATC Procedures, 2004. Chapter 4, Section 2 External links[edit] Wikimedia Commons has media related to Call sign. United States Call Sign Policies (Early History) United States (FCC) Call Sign Reservation and Authorization System FCC amateur radio operator search Amateur Call Prefixes Internet Radio Uniform Callsign (IRUC) program FCCData.org a database of international telecommunications administrations, searchable by callsign, covering AM, FM, DAB and TV in the United States, Canada, Mexico, the United Kingdom, Ireland, Japan and Australia Military Call Sign Database Military Call Sign List Another Military Callsign List Fictional Story About Military Call Signs Radio-Locator a search engine of all of the radio stations in the world with websites, searchable by location, frequency, and call sign Broadcasting undertaking callsigns possibly available for assignment - Industry Canada Call Letter Origins v t e Call signs By type Aircraft Airlines Broadcast Amateur radio Maritime Military Spacecraft By place Africa Antarctica Asia India Japan Korea Middle East Europe Russia United Kingdom North America Barbados Canada Mexico United States Oceania Australia television New Zealand South America Argentina v t e Personal names and anthroponymy Personal identity Personal name Given name Surname Patrilineal/Matrilineal Affixes Nobiliary particle By sequence First name Middle name Last name By trait Diminutive Double-barrelled Eponymic Matronymic Metonymic Mononymic Occupational name Patronymic Sobriquet Teknonymic Toponymic Patrial name Patronymic Unisex By life situation Aptronym Code name Maiden and married names Necronym Posthumous name Temple name Placeholder name Notname Regnal name Slave name Pseudonyms (list) Nicknames list Hypocorism Nom de guerre Stage name List of stage names List of one-word stage names Ring name Pen name Heteronym Username By culture Surnames by country Courtesy names Albanian American African-American Ancient Greek Arabic Armenian Ashanti Australian Aboriginal Azerbaijani Bangladeshi Basque Belarusian Bulgarian Burmese Cambodian Canadian Catalan Chinese Hong Kong Manchu Tibetan Cornish Croatian Czech Dutch English Ethiopian/Eritrean Ewe Fijian Filipino Finnish French Galician Georgian German Germanic Ghanaian Greek Cypriot Hawaiian Hebrew Hungarian Icelandic Igbo Indian Saint Thomas Christian names Indonesian Balinese Chinese Javanese Irish Italian Japanese Amami Okinawan Jewish Kalmyk Korean Lao Latvian Lithuanian Macedonian Malaysian Māori Mongol Norwegian Pakistani Pashtun Sindhi Persian Polish Portuguese Roman Praenomen Nomen Cognomen Agnomen Romanian Russian Sakha Scottish Gaelic Serbian Slavic Slovak Somali Spanish Hispanic America Catalan Swedish Taiwanese aboriginal Tamil Ancient Tamil country Tatar Thai Turkish Ukrainian Vietnamese Welsh Yakut Yoruba Zimbabwean Religious names Christian name Biblical name Papal name Saint's name Dharma name Jewish name Theophoric name Manners of address List of authority/of honour Styles Honorific Diplomatic Imperial, royal, and noble Judiciary Religious Ecclesiastical Pre-nominal letters Suffix Emeritus Post-nominal letters Academic Orders, decorations, and medals Titles Academic Imperial, royal and noble Chivalric Court Military Professional Academic Honorary Business Diplomatic Educational Judicial Religious Ecclesiastical Related traditions Baptism Name day Calendar of saints Related Acronym Anonymity Anthropomorphism National personification Call sign Family Galton–Watson process Legal name Name change Nomen nescio -onym Personal identity Identifier Proper name Signature Monogram Royal cypher Signum manus Tughra Naming taboo Category:Lists of names v t e Telecommunications History Beacon Broadcasting Cable protection system Cable TV Communications satellite Computer network Data compression audio DCT image video Digital media Internet video online video platform social media streaming Drums Edholm's law Electrical telegraph Fax Heliographs Hydraulic telegraph Information Age Information revolution Internet Mass media Mobile phone Smartphone Optical telecommunication Optical telegraphy Pager Photophone Prepaid mobile phone Radio Radiotelephone Satellite communications Semaphore Semiconductor device MOSFET transistor Smoke signals Telecommunications history Telautograph Telegraphy Teleprinter (teletype) Telephone The Telephone Cases Television digital streaming Undersea telegraph line Videotelephony Whistled language Wireless revolution Pioneers Nasir Ahmed Edwin Howard Armstrong Mohamed M. Atalla John Logie Baird Paul Baran John Bardeen Alexander Graham Bell Tim Berners-Lee Jagadish Chandra Bose Walter Houser Brattain Vint Cerf Claude Chappe Yogen Dalal Donald Davies Lee de Forest Philo Farnsworth Reginald Fessenden Elisha Gray Oliver Heaviside Erna Schneider Hoover Harold Hopkins Internet pioneers Bob Kahn Dawon Kahng Charles K. Kao Narinder Singh Kapany Hedy Lamarr Innocenzo Manzetti Guglielmo Marconi Robert Metcalfe Antonio Meucci Jun-ichi Nishizawa Radia Perlman Alexander Stepanovich Popov Johann Philipp Reis Claude Shannon Henry Sutton Nikola Tesla Camille Tissot Alfred Vail Charles Wheatstone Vladimir K. Zworykin Transmission media Coaxial cable Fiber-optic communication optical fiber Free-space optical communication Molecular communication Radio waves wireless Transmission line data transmission circuit telecommunication circuit Network topology and switching Bandwidth Links Nodes terminal Network switching (circuit packet) Telephone exchange Multiplexing Space-division Frequency-division Time-division Polarization-division Orbital angular-momentum Code-division Networks ARPANET BITNET Cellular network Computer CYCLADES Ethernet FidoNet Internet Internet2 ISDN LAN Mobile NGN NPL network Public Switched Telephone Radio Telecommunications equipment Television Telex WAN Wireless network World Wide Web Category Outline Portal Commons Authority control GND: 4124086-8 Retrieved from " https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Call_sign&oldid=926193955" Categories: Call signs Broadcast law Telecommunications law Hidden categories: CS1: Julian–Gregorian uncertainty Webarchive template wayback links Articles with short description Articles needing additional references from March 2013 All articles needing additional references Commons category link is on Wikidata Wikipedia articles with GND identifiers Navigation menu Personal tools Not logged in Talk Contributions Create account Log in Namespaces Article Talk Variants Views Read Edit View history More Search Navigation Main page Contents Featured content Current events Random article Donate to Wikipedia Wikipedia store Interaction Help About Wikipedia Community portal Recent changes Contact page Tools What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Permanent link Page information Wikidata item Cite this page In other projects Wikimedia Commons Print/export Create a book Download as PDF Printable version Languages العربية Български Català Čeština Dansk Deutsch Eesti Español Esperanto Français Frysk 한국어 Bahasa Indonesia Italiano עברית Magyar Bahasa Melayu Монгол Nederlands 日本語 Nordfriisk Norsk Norsk nynorsk Polski Português Română Русский Slovenčina Suomi Svenska ไทย Türkçe Українська 中文 Edit links This page was last edited on 14 November 2019, at 20:19 (UTC). Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License; additional terms may apply. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization. Privacy policy About Wikipedia Disclaimers Contact Wikipedia Developers Statistics Cookie statement Mobile view