Canadiens’ Max Domi provides support for young diabetics | Windsor Star	 Skip to navigation Skip to content News All News Local News National Election 2019 World Traffic Business All Business Local Business Energy Technology All Technology Gaming Internet Personal Tech Science Space Tech-Biz FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Hockey All Hockey NHL Detroit Red Wings Toronto Maple Leafs Football All Football NFL Detroit Lions CFL Baseball All Baseball Detroit Tigers Basketball All Basketball NBA NCAA Windsor Express Golf Golf Videos Soccer All Soccer International Soccer MLS Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies All Movies Movie Listings Television All Television TV Listings Music All Music NP Music Books Celebrity Life Milestones All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes All Homes Condos Decorating Gardening Renovating Vacation Homes Food All Food Local Food Reviews Recipes From the Vault Health All Health Diet & Fitness Family & Child Men Women Seniors Sexual Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Travel Obits Classifieds All Classifieds Flyercity Celebrating Browse Listings Place a Classifieds Ad Local Directory Careers Driving All Driving News Reviews Car Comparison Buyer’s Guide Subscription Life Health Family & Child |Featured: Library Strike Fit Tips Kelly Steele Windsor In Pictures | More Open Search Close Search Search Videos Sign In Sign Out Subscribe Canadiens' Max Domi provides support for young diabetics Domi, who has Type 1 diabetes, fielded questions from youngsters age five to 17 while promoting the Sun Life Walk to Cure Diabetes on June 9. Pat Hickey, Montreal Gazette Updated: May 28, 2019 Share Adjust Comment Print Max Domi says he had only one question when he learned, at age 12, he had Type 1 diabetes. “I wanted to know if I could still play hockey,” Domi said Tuesday as he shared his experiences with 13 youngsters dealing with the disease. “My doctor asked me if I had ever heard of Bobby Clarke. I said I hadn’t and he told that Bobby Clarke had diabetes and payed in the NHL and won a Stanley Cup.  That was my dream and I felt better when I learned about Bobby Clarke.” The Canadiens’ centre is the national spokesman for the Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation and will be participating in the Sun Life Walk to Cure Diabetes on June 9. But on Tuesday, he was just another guy coping with diabetes as he fielded questions from youngsters who ranged in age from five to 17. “I’m fortunate to be playing in  the NHL, but my experiences are just like yours,” he said. “I remember when I learned that I had diabetes, I was scared. I hated needles. I didn’t know how it was going to change my life. But I learned that if you were responsible, if you checked your levels and took care of yourself, you can do almost anything. You can’t be in the army and you can’t be a commercial pilot and not everyone is going to end up in the NHL, but you can be a teacher or a lawyer.” Canadien’s Max Domi tries to get a smile out of Émile Paré, 5, after talking with youngsters who have Type 1 diabetes on Tuesday. Pierre Obendrauf / Montreal Gazette When he was first told he had Type 1 diabetes, Domi said he was reluctant to share the information with his friends. “I can understand why you don’t want to be seen as someone who’s different, but the best thing you can do is to help educate people about diabetes,” Domi said. “Explain to them why you can’t eat some things. I also have celiac disease, which means I’m gluten-intolerant and I know it’s tough when you go to a birthday party and you can’t eat the cake.” Domi said learning to live with diabetes came with its share of problems and he could identify with teenagers who wanted to take responsibility for controlling their diabetes. “I’m not perfect, I made mistakes,” he admitted. “I had a lot of help from my mother and my father. They were always asking whether I checked my (blood sugar) levels. As I got older, I took more responsibility, but just like hockey, you have to think that you’re part of a team with your parents and your doctors. Domi said he had only one brief interaction with the former player he calls Mr Clarke, but Clarke’s success served as inspiration for him. So much so that he changed his minor hockey number. When he was growing up, Max spent a lot of time hanging around the Toronto Maple Leafs locker room because his father, Tie, was the Leafs’ resident tough guy. The younger Domi idolized Leafs star Mats Sundin and he appropriated Sundin’s No. 13. “Mats was my hero, but when I learned about Mr. Clarke, I asked my father’s permission to change my number to 16,” Domi said. Domi, who had a breakout season in his first year with the Canadiens, said playing in the NHL requires a lot of preparation. “I can’t find myself in a situation where I have a low during a game,” said Domi. “There are so many different factors that affect how you feel, your sugar levels, the adrenalin you feel during a game. I start getting ready 24 hours before the game and I make sure that I eat the right foods, get enough sleep. I test to make sure my levels are where they should be. If anything, I over-test to make sure. There are nights when you don’t have it, but I’ve never had a problem because of diabetes.” Canadiens’ Max Domi takes a selfie with kids who have Type 1 diabetes , the same disease he battles every day. Pierre Obendrauf / Montreal Gazette Domi said there is sometimes a danger of going too low after a game and he has a support dog, a yellow Labrador named Orion, who senses when he might have problems at night. Domi said there was disappointment when the Canadiens missed the playoffs in the final week of the season and he ruefully noted that he was watching the playoffs on TV for the fourth year in a row after three losing seasons in Arizona. He’s taking more joy from the Toronto Raptors’ run to the NBA final and he and his father were in attendance when the Raptors eliminated Milwaukee in Game 6. “It’s good for Toronto and it’s good for Canada,” Domi said. The Sun Life Walk to Cure Diabetes in the Montreal area will take place June 9 at Centre de la nature de Laval. There will be a run beginning at 8:30 a.m. followed by the walk at 10 a.m. Domi is inviting Montrealers to join him. “I grew up in Toronto, but I’m a Canadien now and I want to beat Toronto at everything and that includes the Walk for the Cure,” Domi said. “I’m encouraging everyone to get on social media and create interest in this event so we can beat Toronto. Anyone who wants more information on the walk can call Jessica at 514-744-5537, Local 247, or email jcarter@jdrf.ca. phickey@postmedia.com twitter.com/zababes1 Related What the Puck: Habs GM Marc Bergevin should be a force in free agency Canadiens sign restricted free-agent Xavier Ouellet to two-way deal Canadiens sign Rockets leader Alex Belzile to one-year, two-way deal Former Spitfire and Blues assistant coach Ott plans to bring Stanley... Quenneville replaces Boughner as NHL Panthers keep Windsor connection behind the... This Week's Flyers Comments Postmedia is pleased to bring you a new commenting experience. We are committed to maintaining a lively but civil forum for discussion and encourage all readers to share their views on our articles. Comments may take up to an hour for moderation before appearing on the site. We ask you to keep your comments relevant and respectful. Visit our Community Guidelines for more information. Sign in to Comment Connect With Us Business of Health This section was created by Content Works, Postmedia’s commercial content division, on behalf of an Innovative Medicines Canada company. x Sponsored by an Innovative Medicines Canada company Sponsored: How innovative therapies offer hope for cancer sufferers Sponsored: a preventative lifeline throughout history Sponsored: Protecting Canadians’ access to medicine Sponsored: She was diagnosed with Stage 4 cancer on Mother’s Day Weather Weather Currently Feels Like We want you to have the most accurate weather report you can. Please enter a valid postal code Close Daily Headline News Thank you for subscribing to Postmedia's Newsletter. Email By clicking "Submit", I consent to receiving the above communication from Postmedia Network Inc. I understand that I may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. Submit Top Stories Kid Rock opens up about foul-mouthed Oprah Winfrey rant | Windsor Star Pussycat Dolls’ raunchy ‘nearly naked’ reunion sparks 400 complaints | Windsor Star Windsor woman dies in Chatham-Kent crash | Windsor Star Man gets house arrest for defrauding employer of almost $1 million | Windsor Star TV Listings What's On Tonight for Find your full TV Listings here! Share this story Canadiens' Max Domi provides support for young diabetics Facebook Twitter Reddit Email Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn News All News Local News National World Traffic Business All Business Local Business Energy Technology FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Hockey Football Baseball Basketball Golf Soccer Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies Television Music Books Celebrity Life Milestones All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes Food From the Vault Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Travel 365 Bloor St East, Toronto, ON, M4W3L4, www.postmedia.com © 2019 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Classifieds Obits Careers Browse Classifieds Place a Classified Ad Celebrating Driving FlyerCity Local Directory Legal Privacy – Updated Terms Copyright & Permissions Digital Ad Registry Services Advertise With Us Subscribe My Subscription Edit Profile Contact ePaper Digital Access Contests Partnerships Properties Calgary Herald Canada.com Edmonton Journal London Free Press Montreal Gazette National Post Ottawa Citizen Leader-Post (Regina) The StarPhoenix (Saskatoon) The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun