Canada News | National News Updates and Headlines  | Windsor Star	 Skip to navigation Skip to content News All News Local News National Election 2019 World Traffic Business All Business Local Business Energy Technology All Technology Gaming Internet Personal Tech Science Space Tech-Biz FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Hockey All Hockey NHL Detroit Red Wings Toronto Maple Leafs Football All Football NFL Detroit Lions CFL Baseball All Baseball Detroit Tigers Basketball All Basketball NBA NCAA Windsor Express Golf Golf Videos Soccer All Soccer International Soccer MLS Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies All Movies Movie Listings Television All Television TV Listings Music All Music NP Music Books Celebrity Life Milestones All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes All Homes Condos Decorating Gardening Renovating Vacation Homes Food All Food Local Food Reviews Recipes From the Vault Health All Health Diet & Fitness Family & Child Men Women Seniors Sexual Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Travel Obits Classifieds All Classifieds Flyercity Celebrating Browse Listings Place a Classifieds Ad Local Directory Careers Driving All Driving News Reviews Car Comparison Buyer’s Guide Subscription News National Election 2019 |Featured: Windsor International Film Festival Obesity Life After Death Spitfires Dying for a Drink Exit Wounds Election 2019 100 years of Point Pelee Opioid Crisis Windsor Tech Cannabis Help Wanted Anne Jarvis Windsor-Detroit bridge Woofa-Roo 2019 Reader Letters | More Open Search Close Search Search Videos Sign In Sign Out Subscribe Announcement coming about police watchdog in Saskatchewan: minister REGINA — Saskatchewan’s Justice Minister says change is needed in police oversight in the province. National GOLDSTEIN GRIPE: Trudeau should declare China is Canada's adversary Huawei's Meng Wanzhou thanks supporters for 'warmth' and 'kindness' on first anniversary of arrest Ontario introduces bill that would protect farmers from animal rights activists, raise trespassing fines The law would increase fines for trespassing on farms and food processing facilities and make it illegal to obstruct trucks carrying farm animals Alberta university students want lecturer who denies Ukrainian famine fired EDMONTON — Some University of Alberta students want the school to fire an assistant lecturer who denies the Holodomor, the mass genocide of Ukrainian people carried out by the former Soviet Union in the early 1930s. Psychiatric assessment for accused in Calgary case worker's death extended Reading cats' facial expressions tough: study 'SENDS A CLEAR MESSAGE': Premiers kick off meeting Retailers see biggest-ever Cyber Monday after record Black Friday Election 2019 Was the federal election a case of the right product but the wrong packaging for ... 'This isn’t just anger': Seven prominent voices assess the post-election mood out West Andrew Coyne: Sorry Albertchewan, cabinet ministers are supposed to be elected, not selected Chris Selley: Rethinking the shameless election, and how it was covered — damp squib and ... More National News Huawei's Meng 'no longer fears unknown' despite 'torment, struggle' of last year VANCOUVER — Huawei Technologies executive Meng Wanzhou says she has experienced feelings of helplessness, torment and struggle since being arrested in Canada one year ago, but no longer fears the unknown. National Trudeau to mark NATO birthday amid questions about its future OTTAWA — Prime Minister Justin Trudeau is off to London where he will spend the next few days trying to give the NATO military alliance a boost amid existential questions about its future — while defending Canada’s own commitment to it. One dead, many injured in Kingston Highway 401 snowstorm pileup Ontario Provincial Police are estimating 30 to 40 vehicles and big-rig trucks were involved Injured Bronco shocked over effect of spinal surgery A hockey player paralyzed in the Humboldt Broncos bus crash says he is thrilled with the progress he’s made since receiving spinal surgery in Thailand a month ago. News 'The bugs were so thick around my head because of the blood': What it's like ... 'You don’t even have a clue if you’re going to survive. You’re trying to do the best thing possible to save yourself' Canadian military warned about 'culture' of stealing within special forces Military police are investigating several members of the Canadian Special Operations Forces Command. 'Loss for words': Injured Bronco shocked, excited over effect of spinal surgery A hockey player paralyzed in the Humboldt Broncos bus crash says he is thrilled with the progress he’s made since receiving spinal surgery in Thailand a month ago. Council consensus: what premiers are hoping for out of Monday's meeting OTTAWA — Premiers of all the provinces and territories gather Monday in Toronto to try to shape a collective agenda for their relationship with the federal government, after an election that left the nation in a partisan patchwork. National Ontario, Sask., N.B. push for nuclear power future “Ontario, Saskatchewan and New Brunswick agreed today to work together to explore new, cutting-edge technology in nuclear power generation to provide carbon-free, affordable, reliable, and safe energy, while helping us unlock economic potential across Canada, including rural and remote regions,” the trio said in a joint statement issued on Sunday afternoon. National Ontario ticket takes $17.6M Lotto 6/49 jackpot TORONTO — A single ticket sold somewhere in Ontario claimed Saturday night’s $17.6 million Lotto 6/49 jackpot. News Kenney's party shows up united and affable in first gathering since landslide victory The policy debates and 'bear pit' session — in which Kenney’s cabinet fielded questions from party members — seemed to demonstrate the party, barely two years old but already in power Local News One dead, multiple people injured in Kingston Highway 401 pileup Ontario Provincial Police are estimating 20 to 30 vehicles were involved in a pileup during a snowstorm. Former Bank of Canada governor to serve as UN special envoy on 'climate action' Bank of England governor Mark Carney, who previously served as Canada’s top central banker, will be taking on a new role as the United Nations’ special envoy on climate action and climate finance. B.C. commits $50 million to improve Internet in rural and Indigenous communities 100 MILE HOUSE, B.C. — The British Columbia government will contribute $50 million to an ongoing internet connectivity program to bring high-speed services to rural, remote and Indigenous communities. Search for anti-nuke Greta unfolds amid calls for Canada to push NATO on bombs OTTAWA — Ask Hugo Slim about teenaged climate change activist Greta Thunberg, and one thought comes to mind: if only there were a young person like her who was that worried about nuclear weapons. Complaint says Quebec chief justice biased in Bill 21 case, should step aside MONTREAL — Quebec’s top judge is facing an accusation of bias and a call to withdraw from a case she is hearing challenging the province’s secularism law, known as Bill 21. Two dead after house fire in northern Saskatchewan village PELICAN NARROWS, Sask. — Two people have died after a house fire in a northern Saskatchewan village. Manitoba First Nation seeking class action over long-term boil water advisories WINNIPEG — A chief of a First Nation in Manitoba is proposing a class action lawsuit against the federal government on behalf of her community and others that have experienced long-term boil water advisories. One student in critical condition after school bus crash in northern Alberta SMOKY LAKE, Alta. — More than a dozen students were sent to hospital, one in critical condition, after a school bus and a truck-mounted crane collided on an Alberta highway. Man dead, another seriously injured in shooting in Surrey, B.C.: RCMP SURREY, B.C. — A man was killed and another injured in a shooting on Sunday night in Surrey, B. Toronto police make arrest in two sexual assault investigations Toronto police say they’ve made an arrest in two sexual assault investigations. They say they’ve charged a 39-year-old person with allegedly sexually assaulting a 15-year-old boy and an 18-year-old man. Media Central buys Now Magazine with ambitions for alternative media landscape TORONTO — Media Central Corp. Inc. says it has agreed to buy Toronto weekly Now Magazine for as much as $2 million in the first step of a plan to consolidate the alternative publication landscape. Stretch of Toronto subway shut down, stations evacuated due to fire TORONTO — Passengers from one Toronto subway train had to trudge through a smoky tunnel, while thousands of others saw their commutes otherwise delayed or interrupted after a small fire shut down a stretch of the city’s busy crosstown line for several hours during the Monday morning rush. Page 1 of 3 Connect With Us Latest Local News Local News Police arrest fleeing suspect following downtown assault Local News Ontario auditor general to assess PC climate change plan Local News Vigil walk and red ribbons mark World AIDS Day in Windsor Local News Amherstburg Diageo workers ratify 3-year contract Close Daily Headline News Thank you for subscribing to Postmedia's Newsletter. Email By clicking "Submit", I consent to receiving the above communication from Postmedia Network Inc. I understand that I may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. Submit Weather Weather Currently Feels Like We want you to have the most accurate weather report you can. Please enter a valid postal code Traffic This Week's Flyers News All News Local News National World Traffic Business All Business Local Business Energy Technology FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Hockey Football Baseball Basketball Golf Soccer Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies Television Music Books Celebrity Life Milestones All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes Food From the Vault Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Travel 365 Bloor St East, Toronto, ON, M4W3L4, www.postmedia.com © 2019 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Classifieds Obits Careers Browse Classifieds Place a Classified Ad Celebrating Driving FlyerCity Local Directory Legal Privacy – Updated Terms Copyright & Permissions Digital Ad Registry Services Advertise With Us Subscribe My Subscription Edit Profile Contact ePaper Digital Access Contests Partnerships Properties Calgary Herald Canada.com Edmonton Journal London Free Press Montreal Gazette National Post Ottawa Citizen Leader-Post (Regina) The StarPhoenix (Saskatoon) The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun Post to Cancel