Canadiens place backup goalie Keith Kinkaid on NHL waivers | Montreal Gazette	 Skip to navigation Skip to content News All News Local News All Local News Off-Island Gazette West Island Gazette Quebec National Election 2019 World Opinion All Opinion Columnists Editorials Aislin and other editorial cartoons Sports All Sports Hockey Inside Out All Hockey Inside Out Live Game Blog HI/O Show Where To Watch The Habs Hockey All Hockey Hockey Inside Out Montreal Canadiens NHL World Juniors Football All Football Montreal Alouettes CFL NFL Soccer All Soccer Montreal Impact MLS Baseball Basketball All Basketball NBA NCAA Tennis Golf Golf Videos Auto Racing Business All Business FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Energy Local Business All Local Business Aerospace Personal Finance Real Estate Retail Technology All Technology Gaming Internet Personal Tech Science Tech-Biz Small Business Arts Local Arts All Arts Montreal movies All Movies Movie Listings Television All Television TV Listings Montreal theatre Music All Music NP Music Books Celebrity Life All Life Fashion & Beauty Food All Food Recipes Local Food Reviews Health All Health Diet & Fitness Family & Child Men Women Seniors Sexual Health Diet & Fitness Homes All Homes Buying and Selling Condos Decorating Renovating Gardening Vacation Homes Life By Design Parenting Relationships Travel Royals Obits Classifieds All Classifieds FlyerCity Celebrating Browse Listings Place a Classifieds Ad Local Directory Careers Driving Subscribe Sports Hockey Inside Out Live Game Blog HI/O Show Where To Watch The Habs |Featured: Gangs of Montreal Hockey Inside/Out Bill 21 Obesity History Through Our Eyes Cannabis Insider's Guide Videos Archives | More Open Search Close Search Search Videos Sign In Sign Out Subscribe Canadiens place backup goalie Keith Kinkaid on NHL waivers He had a 1-1-3 record with a 4.24 goals-against average and a .875 save percentage. Stu Cowan, Montreal Gazette Updated: December 2, 2019 Share Adjust Comment Print When the Canadiens hit the ice for practice at 11:30 a.m. Monday in Brossard, Carey Price was there but his backup goalie, Keith Kinkaid, wasn’t. Taking Kinkaid’s spot was former QMJHL goalie Karel St. Laurent, who now plays for the Jonquiere Marquis in the LNAH. Just after noon, we found out why when the Canadiens announced Kinkaid has been placed on NHL waivers. Canadiens GM Marc Bergevin signed Kinkaid to a one-year, US$1.75-million contract on July 1 to replace Antti Niemi as Price’s backup. In six games, Kinkaid had a 1-1-3 record with a 4.24 goals-against average and a .875 save percentage. Price has also struggled this season with a 10-9-3 record, a 3.18 goals-against average and a .898 save percentage. The Canadiens are mired in an eight-game winless streak (0-5-3) heading into Tuesday’s game against the New York Islanders at the Bell Centre (7 p.m., TSN2, RDS, TSN 690 Radio). Coach Claude Julien said after practice that the Canadiens will be calling up another goalie from the AHL’s Laval Rocket to replace Kinkaid. “After 5 o’clock tonight there’s going to be an announcement, so that’s all I can tell you for now,” Julien said. “But definitely will be a recall.” Cayden Primeau and Charlie Lindgren are the two goalies with the Rocket. Primeau has a 7-4-1 record with a 2.58 goals-against average and a .910 save percentage, while Lindgren is 5-5-2 with a 2.71 goals-against average and a .893 save percentage. Lindgren has 18 games of NHL experience with the Canadiens, while Primeau has never played an NHL game. If Kinkaid clears waivers, Julien said it would give the goalie an chance to play more often in Laval and hopefully find his game. The coach added that Kinkaid was good with the Canadiens, but that they need him to be better. In other Canadiens news, the team announced Monday that defenceman Victor Mete will be sidelined for at least two weeks with an ankle injury. Mete didn’t play in Sunday night’s 3-1 loss to the Bruins in Boston after suffering the injury during the second period of Saturday afternoon’s 4-3 overtime loss to the Philadelphia Flyers at the Bell Centre. scowan@postmedia.com twitter.com/StuCowan1 What the Puck: Making the Canadiens great again begins at the...  Habs lose confidence in backup goalie Keith Kinkaid | HI/O Bonus This Week's Flyers Comments Postmedia is pleased to bring you a new commenting experience. We are committed to maintaining a lively but civil forum for discussion and encourage all readers to share their views on our articles. Comments may take up to an hour for moderation before appearing on the site. We ask you to keep your comments relevant and respectful. Visit our Community Guidelines for more information. Sign in to Comment Latest Tweets My Tweets Share this story Canadiens place backup goalie Keith Kinkaid on NHL waivers Facebook Twitter Reddit Email Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn News All News Local News Quebec National World Opinion All Opinion Columnists Editorials Aislin and other editorial cartoons Sports All Sports Hockey Inside Out Hockey Football Soccer Baseball Basketball Tennis Golf Auto Racing Business All Business FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Energy Local Business Technology Small Business Arts Local Arts All Arts Montreal movies Television Montreal theatre Music Books Celebrity Life All Life Fashion & Beauty Food Health Diet & Fitness Homes Life By Design Parenting Relationships Travel Royals 365 Bloor St East, Toronto, ON, M4W3L4, www.postmedia.com © 2019 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Classifieds Obits Careers Browse Classifieds Place a Classified Ad Celebrating Driving FlyerCity Legal Privacy – Updated Terms Copyright & Permissions Digital Ad Registry Services Advertise With Us Subscribe My Subscription Edit Profile Contact ePaper Digital Access Contests Archives Properties Calgary Herald Canada.com Edmonton Journal Leader-Post (Regina) London Free Press National Post Ottawa Citizen The StarPhoenix (Saskatoon) The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun Windsor Star