Canada’s Continental Gold agrees to $1.3 billion takeover by one of China’s biggest gold miners | Financial Post		 Sign In Subscribe Search FinancialPost.com ... News All News Economy FP Street Retail & Marketing Telecom Transportation Legal Post Real Estate All Real Estate Mortgages Commercial Real Estate Commodities Energy Mining Agriculture Investing All Investing Investing Pro Global Investor Outlook Funds Markets Personal Finance All Personal Finance Family Finance High Net Worth Young Money Debt Retirement Savings Taxes Innovation All Innovation Personal Tech Post Arcade Blockchain FP Comment Entrepreneur All Entrepreneur FP Startups Growth Strategies Franchise Focus Money Small Business All Small Business Small Business Digest Executive All Executive C-Suite Careers Business Education Executive Women FP Magazine All FP Magazine CEO of the Year Subscribe More Jobs National Post Canada’s Continental Gold agrees to $1.3 billion takeover by one of China’s biggest gold miners Continental’s flagship Colombia gold mine would boost reserves The Buriticá project is Continental Gold’s high-grade gold project located in the middle Cauca belt in the northwest region of Colombia. Continental Gold Reuters Min Zhang and Dominique Patton December 2, 2019 6:56 AM EST Last Updated December 2, 2019 11:30 AM EST Filed under Commodities Mining Comment Facebook Twitter Reddit Email More Share this story Canada’s Continental Gold agrees to $1.3 billion takeover by one of China’s biggest gold miners Tumblr Pinterest Google+ LinkedIn BEIJING — Zijin Mining Group Co Ltd , one of China’s biggest gold miners, has agreed to buy Canadian miner Continental Gold Inc for $1.33 billion, saying the purchase would increase its gold reserves and boost cash flow as well as profit. Zijin will pay $5.50 per share in cash for Continental, a premium of about 13 per cent to the Canadian company’s closing price on Friday, as it aims to secure Continental Gold’s flagship Buritica gold project, the Chinese company said in a filing with the Shanghai Stock Exchange. The Buritica project, located in Colombia, has measured and indicated gold reserves of 165.47 tonnes and an inferred reserve of 187.24 tonnes, Zijin said. Posthaste: Gold emerges as Canada's new investment magnet amid merger mania Newmont sells Canadian gold mine Red Lake to Australia’s Evolution Mining Eric Sprott explains what investors are getting wrong about Kirkland's all-stock Detour Gold deal Continental Chief Executive Ari Sussman said the project is expected to reach production next year and the “timing is right for Continental to sell to a more experienced mine operator.” Zijin expects its gold reserves to exceed 2,000 tonnes after the purchase, with output eventually increasing by about 20 per cent. It expects the Buritica project to generate robust profit and cash flow after becoming operational in 2020. The deal is, however, restricted by external conditions and faces uncertainty, Zijin said, without giving further details. Buritica, whose high-grade ore and hearty output estimates make it a rare find, is shaping up as a key test for the future of large-scale underground mining in Colombia, whose mostly unexplored mineral riches have miners rubbing their hands. The company has suffered its share of security problems. Four employees were killed in a single month last year, one near Buritica and the others at a different exploration site. Monday’s announcement comes after Zijin said in early November it would buy partner Freeport McMoran Inc’s copper-gold assets in Serbia for up to $390 million, to boost its resources of both metals. © Thomson Reuters 2019 Comments Join the conversation → Close Mining Newsletter (Every Monday) Thank you for subscribing to Postmedia's Newsletter. Email By clicking "Submit", I consent to receiving the above communication from Postmedia Network Inc. I understand that I may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. Submit News Releases Promoted by Business Wire The Logic Loblaw building new ‘meal solutions’ unit to grapple with Canadians’ changing eating habits Ottawa’s AI ethics test didn’t consider Palantir’s controversial work with U.S. law enforcement Inside Bird’s plan to win Canada’s e-scooter wars Creative Destruction Lab’s incubator program at New York University has closed after its first year Mining WatchYamana Gold is considering doubling its dividend again, CEO says Asbestos, a dirty word with a deadly reputation, prompts Quebec town to change its name Next up for precious metals: An IPO for a company that funds mining projects Newmont sells Canadian gold mine Red Lake to Australia’s Evolution Mining Eric Sprott explains what investors are getting wrong about Kirkland's all-stock Detour Gold deal Kirkland Lake Gold to buy Detour Gold for $4.89 billion WatchTrudeau appoints fresh face to natural resources file amid Alberta angst Barrick Gold is selling stake in the Super Pit mine in Australia for $750 million World's biggest miner names Canadian as new CEO, raises intrigue about potash ambitions West of the oilsands, another sector suffers its own ’existential crisis’ Canadian miner Semafo closes Burkina Faso mine until security can be assured after deadly ambush Barrick's dividend boost looks like a harbinger for the normally tightfisted gold industry Top Stories WatchDid Donald Trump just take the trade war to a whole new level? Trump slaps tariffs back on Brazil, Argentina steel, for the first time linking them to currency Diane Francis: Trudeau’s ridiculous, holier-than-thou climate policies are making emissions much worse For every pipeline and well and LNG plant that is not built in Canada, the Chinese and Indians will simply burn more dirty coal WatchStruggling oilsands producers have a plan to cut costs and export more crude amid pipeline shortage The solution? Make their oil heavier ‘A very bleak winter’: Hundreds of B.C. communities and thousands of workers struggle to survive in forestry industry carnage One car dealer in Campbell River had to repossess 10 vehicles from forestry workers who were out of work Comments Postmedia is pleased to bring you a new commenting experience. We are committed to maintaining a lively but civil forum for discussion and encourage all readers to share their views on our articles. We ask you to keep your comments relevant and respectful. Visit our community guidelines for more information. Sign in to Comment Classifieds Remembering Celebrating Classifieds Marketplace Careers FlyerCity Post a Classifieds ad Advertise With Us Partnerships Appointment Notice Resources Content Works Sales Directory About Us My Account Subscriber Self-Serve ePaper Stay Connected © 2019 Financial Post, a division of Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP 365 Bloor St East, Toronto, ON, M4W3L4, www.postmedia.com Privacy - Updated Terms Copyright Digital Ad Registry Site Map Contact Us