Canadian database of shelters for abused women and their pets needed | Windsor Star	 Skip to navigation Skip to content News All News Local News National Election 2019 World Traffic Business All Business Local Business Energy Technology All Technology Gaming Internet Personal Tech Science Space Tech-Biz FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Hockey All Hockey NHL Detroit Red Wings Toronto Maple Leafs Football All Football NFL Detroit Lions CFL Baseball All Baseball Detroit Tigers Basketball All Basketball NBA NCAA Windsor Express Golf Golf Videos Soccer All Soccer International Soccer MLS Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies All Movies Movie Listings Television All Television TV Listings Music All Music NP Music Books Celebrity Life Milestones All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes All Homes Condos Decorating Gardening Renovating Vacation Homes Food All Food Local Food Reviews Recipes From the Vault Health All Health Diet & Fitness Family & Child Men Women Seniors Sexual Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Travel Obits Classifieds All Classifieds Flyercity Celebrating Browse Listings Place a Classifieds Ad Local Directory Careers Driving All Driving News Reviews Car Comparison Buyer’s Guide Subscription News Local News |Featured: Windsor International Film Festival Obesity Life After Death Spitfires Dying for a Drink Exit Wounds Election 2019 100 years of Point Pelee Opioid Crisis Windsor Tech Cannabis Help Wanted Anne Jarvis Windsor-Detroit bridge Woofa-Roo 2019 Reader Letters | More Open Search Close Search Search Videos Sign In Sign Out Subscribe Allowing abused women to bring their pets to crisis shelters could save lives, UWindsor profs say Sharon Hill, Windsor Star Updated: June 28, 2019 Amy Fitzgerald, associate professor and acting department head of Sociology, Anthropology and Criminology, is pictured with her 15-year-old cat, Zoe, at her home, Friday, June 28, 2019. Dax Melmer / jpg Share Adjust Comment Print A Missouri woman who refused to leave her Great Dane behind as she escaped her abusive boyfriend has become the classic example of why crisis shelters need to take pets too. The 110-pound dog saved the woman’s life by lying on top of her as her boyfriend was beating her. The dog that sustained broken bones in the attack became the pet that immediately changed one shelter’s policy in 2012. Because many women will not leave a pet behind, three University of Windsor professors are creating an online pet-friendly shelter database for Canada and the United States. They received almost $25,000 from the Social Sciences and Humanities Research Council of Canada recently to call every shelter in Canada and the United States, using graduate students to find out if dogs and cats are allowed or what other arrangements are possible for pets. “When you’re looking at abused women and children staying in dangerous situations or returning to dangerous situations because of their pets, having these programs in place could really save people’s lives,” Amy Fitzgerald, one of the Windsor professors involved in the research, said Friday. Fitzgerald, an associate professor and acting department head of Sociology, Anthropology & Criminology, said a previous national survey of abused women done with UWindsor’s Betty Jo Barrett found pets are often the reason many women stay in or return to abusive relationships. “A large proportion, 89 per cent of the women reported that their pets had been mistreated and over half of them reported they delayed leaving their partner because of concern for their pets which for us was a huge red flag,” Fitzgerald said. “And a third of the women reported they were considering returning to their abuser because he still had their pet.” Years ago Fitzgerald interviewed a local woman whose abuser had threatened repeatedly to kill her dog by poisoning it and then the dog died. When the woman left the relationship, her abuser threatened her by telling her to remember what had happened to the dog. Fitzgerald, Barrett, University of Windsor psychology professor Patti Timmons Fritz and former Windsor grad student Rochelle Stevenson, who is now a criminology professor in British Columbia, received the grant recently along with funding from RedRover to add to the non-profit’s U.S. database. Related Hiatus House celebrates 40 years, recalls celebrity breakup and Windsor’s generosity as key Maidstone bouvier shines in Westminster’s best in show Loss of dog inspires donation of ultrasound machine to humane society Windsor Star: Health news Barrett, a women’s and gender studies and social work professor, said there is no accessible database for Canada. There are more than 2,500 shelters to contact including about 400 in Canada. Although it would be ideal for the pets to be with the victims, some shelters can only offer a designated place for the pets in the shelter or arrangements with volunteer foster homes, a local vet or humane society. The research will also help educate domestic violence shelters on the need to consider allowing pets. Research in 2017 showed about three per cent of websites for domestic violence shelters said they allowed animal companions. However, some shelters do take pets but don’t have information on the website, she said. There should be funding for shelters to accept pets, Barrett said, because it would be safer for the women and the animals. Women living with domestic violence are often isolated so their pets may be one of the few sources of emotional support left. The researchers don’t blame the crisis shelters. Fitzgerald said she’s trying to find funding for Hiatus House to be able to allow pets at the shelter instead of making arrangements for a pet to be cared for off-site. Related Hiatus House celebrates 40 years, recalls celebrity breakup and Windsor’s generosity as key Maidstone bouvier shines in Westminster’s best in show Loss of dog inspires donation of ultrasound machine to humane society Windsor Star: Health news shill@postmedia.com twitter.com/winstarhill Violence against long-term care workers, nurses at alarming levels across Ontario This Week's Flyers Comments Postmedia is pleased to bring you a new commenting experience. We are committed to maintaining a lively but civil forum for discussion and encourage all readers to share their views on our articles. Comments may take up to an hour for moderation before appearing on the site. We ask you to keep your comments relevant and respectful. Visit our Community Guidelines for more information. Sign in to Comment Connect With Us Weather Weather Currently Feels Like We want you to have the most accurate weather report you can. Please enter a valid postal code Latest National News World Fishmongers Hall exec details how employee and patrons fought knife-wielding London terrorist World 'Sweating all over me': BBC to air interview with Virginia Giuffre, who says she was ... World Ex-FBI lawyer Lisa Page says Trump's 'demeaning fake orgasm' was the last straw Close Daily Headline News Thank you for subscribing to Postmedia's Newsletter. Email By clicking "Submit", I consent to receiving the above communication from Postmedia Network Inc. I understand that I may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. Submit Most Read Windsor woman dies in Chatham-Kent crash | Windsor Star Pussycat Dolls’ raunchy ‘nearly naked’ reunion sparks 400 complaints | Windsor Star Man gets house arrest for defrauding employer of almost $1 million | Windsor Star Windsor Weather Forecast - News & Reports | Windsor Star Share this story Allowing abused women to bring their pets to crisis shelters could save lives, UWindsor profs say Facebook Twitter Reddit Email Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn News All News Local News National World Traffic Business All Business Local Business Energy Technology FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Hockey Football Baseball Basketball Golf Soccer Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies Television Music Books Celebrity Life Milestones All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes Food From the Vault Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Travel 365 Bloor St East, Toronto, ON, M4W3L4, www.postmedia.com © 2019 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Classifieds Obits Careers Browse Classifieds Place a Classified Ad Celebrating Driving FlyerCity Local Directory Legal Privacy – Updated Terms Copyright & Permissions Digital Ad Registry Services Advertise With Us Subscribe My Subscription Edit Profile Contact ePaper Digital Access Contests Partnerships Properties Calgary Herald Canada.com Edmonton Journal London Free Press Montreal Gazette National Post Ottawa Citizen Leader-Post (Regina) The StarPhoenix (Saskatoon) The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun