Careers at Issuu Issuu company logo Issuu Close Stories Discover Categories Issuu Store Features Sign up Become a Publisher Become a Publisher Publish Features Create Enhance Share Monetize Teams Read Stories Discover Categories Issuu Store Sign up Log in Overview People Careers Press & Media Blog Contact Help & Support We’re growing fast and looking for new Issuuees. With great people, unique ideas and stunning technology, we’re changing the future of publishing today. Can you be the best at what you do? Join us! Open positions We value smart people with talent, humor and a belief that anything is possible. We believe job satisfaction comes from having the freedom to problem-solve. And we work hard to provide an environment to excel at what you love. Not bad, right? Are you the next Issuuee? The world’s fastest-growing digital publishing platform needs people like you. Explore the open positions below and then let’s talk. What’s it like to work at Issuu? Good question. You’ve done this before. For starters, our offices are in two different parts of the globe, Silicon Valley and Scandinavia, each of which is culturally unique. That said, with so many people from around the world working at each location, they tend to not feel so different after all. And we’re constantly collaborating on projects together as if we were all in the same room. (Thanks, Zoom.). We love what we do and it shows. There’s a really great energy that comes from so many smart people working side by side to find solutions that drive our company forward. We inspire one another, learn from each other and do our best to crack each other up whenever possible. Heck, we even eat lunch together, so you know we can’t be that bad. One reason it works so well is we make sure to hire people who will be a good fit at Issuu. Here are few more brushstrokes: Catered lunch and cake. We provide lunch several days a week from a variety of local restaurants and purveyors. Oh, and cake — lots of cake! Small teams, big impact. We operate in full-stack project teams, with engineers and designers working together for maximum results. All hands. On Thursdays the entire organization gathers to review company milestones and to share our work via presentations and demos. Kick-ass office life. Every employee gets a sweet rig and the tools to get their job done. And the work environment is fun, positive and highly collaborative. Table tennis, running and yoga. To help people relax, we encourage midday activities like a game of Ping-Pong, a crosstown run or a yoga session. Hackathons. Our hack day each quarter is a chance to explore ideas you believe could improve Issuu for publishers, readers or Issuuees. Pair programming. We love the sharing of knowledge as a way to grow as a team. Of course, if you feel like you work better on your own, that also works. A balanced life. We love our work, but we also love fresh air and letting our hair down. A lot of us also have families that we enjoy dearly. You had me at hello Copenhagen It’s no coincidence the birthplace of Issuu also happens to have a design aesthetic few cities can touch. Bring your love of bikes, architecture and pastries, and you’ll fit in well here. See open positions. Palo Alto There’s a sizzling California suburb called Palo Alto filled with startups, designers and all-around geeks. That’s where we’ve placed our headquarters and flow of innovative ideas. See open positions. Berlin As a truly great city for technology and innovation, Berlin and Issuu go together like currywurst and an ice cold pils. Just ask the mobile development team thriving in our newest home. See open positions. Meet an Issuuee People who work at Issuu (Issuuees) are filled with interesting perspectives and experiences. In this ongoing series, we’ll be introducing you to several staffers to gain more insight about what it would be like to work with us. Engineering blog Legal Developers