Children's books - Books on Google Play Search Images Maps Play YouTube News Gmail Drive More » Sign in Books My books Shop Audiobooks Comics Textbooks Children's Books Apps My apps Shop Games Family Editors' Choice Movies & TV My movies & TV Shop TV Family Studios Networks Music My music Shop Devices Shop Entertainment Account Payment methods My subscriptions Redeem Buy gift card My wishlist My Play activity Parent Guide Children's books Ebooks Arts Biographies & memoirs Business & investing Computers & technology Cooking, food & wine Fantasy Fiction & literature Health & fitness History Home & garden Humor Mystery & thrillers Poetry Politics & current events Reference Religion & spirituality Romance Science Science fiction Sports Travel Young adult Audiobooks Arts & entertainment Biographies & memoirs Business & investing Fiction & literature Health, mind & body History Language instruction Mystery & thrillers Religion & spirituality Romance Science & technology Science fiction & fantasy Self-help Sports Travel Young adult Comics General Anthologies Contemporary women Crime & mystery Fantasy Horror Literary Manga Media tie-in Science fiction Superheroes Children's books Ages 5 & Under Ages 6-8 Ages 9-12 Action & adventure Animals & nature Comics Early learning Education Fiction Growing up History & biographies Mysteries Science fiction & fantasy Sports Subgenres Ages 5 & Under Ages 6-8 Ages 9-12 Action & adventure Animals & nature Comics Early learning Education Fiction Growing up History & biographies Mysteries Science fiction & fantasy Sports Home Top charts New arrivals New & notable Top fiction & nonfiction See more The Loud House: Livin' La Casa Loud! Issue #8 Since Amy’s been going out with John, she has become the most popular girl in the halls. But she spends so much time with her new friends that she forgets Kat, her best friend. As for her ex, Nick, he still thinks about his lost love, Amy. And the icing on the cake: Amy’s mom tells her that they're moving in with her new fiancé, Francis. Aaaaargh! Help! Noooo! Gross! Even if change terrifies her, Amy must try to brave the future with style! $8.99 Plants vs. Zombies: Garden Warfare Vol 2 Following up the best-selling Plants vs. Zombies: Garden Warfare Volumes 1 and 2 graphic novels, our plant and human allies strive to survive in a Neighborville that's been ruthlessly occupied by those brain-loving zombies. With most of the town's humans in hiding, it's up to powerful plants of all sizes--plus Crazy Dave, Nate, and Patrice--to combat Dr. Zomboss's latest lockdown! When Zomboss creates kid robots to mimic Nate and Patrice and lead the plants astray, Crazy Dave unleashes some new inventions--and introduces some surprising additions to the Neighborville team! Paul Tobin (Bandette) and Jacob Chabot (Spongebob Comics) team up for another nail-biting romp through the danger zone known as Neighborville in Plants vs. Zombies: Garden Warfare Volume 3! $8.99 $7.55 The Fate of Fausto Oliver Jeffers A stunningly presented modern-day fable from world-renowned talent Oliver Jeffers. There was once a man who believed he owned everything and set out to survey what was his. “You are mine,” Fausto said to the flower, the sheep and the mountain, and they bowed before him. But they were not enough for Fausto, so he conquered a boat and set out to sea... Working for the first time in traditional lithography, world-renowned talent, Oliver Jeffers, combines spectacular art with powerful prose, hand set using traditional lead type, to create a poignant modern-day fable to touch the hearts of adults and children alike. “In an age of exquisite picture books, this is possibly the most beautiful of the year...” Imogen Carter / The Observer New Review “Visually stunning and original” Daily Mail $19.99 The Bad Luck Day Holly Anna Every kid in the world has had a Bad Luck Day, but Daisy Dreamer’s might be the unluckiest Bad Luck Day ever in this eleventh chapter book in the series. It started with a broken mirror. Daisy Dreamer should have been more careful, but accidents happen. But one broken mirror leads to an outrageous day for Daisy and her imaginary friend, Posey. Now there’s a black cat following them everywhere, ladders to walk under around every corner, and a mischievous mirror version of Posey named Yesop has appeared, and he thinks bad luck is the best thing in the world! It’s up to Daisy and her dreamy outlook to save everyone from the Bad Luck Day. With easy-to-read language and illustrations on almost every page, the Daisy Dreamer chapter books are perfect for emerging readers. $7.99 So Many Sounds Tim McCanna Listen! Do you hear a sound? Noises come from all around. Soft and gentle, loud and clear. Oh so many sounds to hear!   SoMany Sounds is a wonderful rhyming read-aloud featuring everyday sounds and a refrain that children will love repeating. The playful text and illustrations are sure to delight little ones while also inviting them to pay more attention to the world around them.   $16.99 $9.99 Spies in Disguise: Meet the Spies Alexandra West Spies in Disguise hits the big screen on December 25, 2019. The all-star cast includes Will Smith, Tom Holland, Karen Gillan, Rashida Jones, and DJ Khaled! Meet the heroes, villains, and all the exciting characters in between in this Level One I Can Read, perfect for children learning to sound out words and sentences. Super spy Lance Sterling and scientist Walter Beckett are almost exact opposites. Lance is smooth, suave and debonair. Walter is... not. But what Walter lacks in social skills he makes up for in smarts and invention, creating the awesome gadgets Lance uses on his epic missions. But when events take an unexpected turn, Walter and Lance suddenly have to rely on each other in a whole new way. And if this odd couple can't learn to work as a team, the whole world is in peril. $2.99 Spies in Disguise: Gadgets, Gizmos, and Gear Centum Books Ltd Spies in Disguise hits the big screen on December 25, 2019. The all-star cast includes Will Smith, Tom Holland, Karen Gillan, Rashida Jones, and DJ Khaled! Explore the tech world of Spies in Disguise in this action-packed storybook featuring unique gadgets and devices that only Walter could invent. Super spy Lance Sterling and scientist Walter Beckett are almost exact opposites. Lance is smooth, suave and debonair. Walter is... not. But what Walter lacks in social skills he makes up for in smarts and invention, creating the awesome gadgets Lance uses on his epic missions. But when events take an unexpected turn, Walter and Lance suddenly have to rely on each other in a whole new way. And if this odd couple can't learn to work as a team, the whole world is in peril. $4.99 Bear Is Awake!: An Alphabet Story Hannah E. Harrison In this delightfully different alphabet book from the creator of Extraordinary Jane, a curious bear makes a new friend. Suddenly "awake" in the middle of winter, a "big bear" explores a "cozy cabin," which Bear of course "enters excitedly." But the cabin isn't empty--a little girl lives there. So begins an unlikely friendship and an unexpected adventure as the girl attempts to figure out what a bear is supposed to be doing in the winter. (Hint: It's not eating pancakes or visiting the library!) With her trademark humor and warmth, Hannah E. Harrison puts her own irresistible spin on the classic alphabet book. The result is a story families will treasure for years to come. $11.99 The Princess in Black and the Bathtime Battle Shannon Hale Something smells like trouble! Can five princess heroes and one Goat Avenger pool their talents to vanquish a monstrous stink? The Princess in Black is in a very stinky situation. A foul cloud is plaguing the goat pasture, and it smells worse than a pile of dirty diapers or a trash can on a hot summer day. But every time the Princess in Black and her friend the Goat Avenger manage to get rid of the odor, they accidentally blow it to another kingdom! Other masked heroes and their trusty companions show up to help, but how do you battle a stench when your ninja moves fail? Fans with a nose for slapstick will be tickled to see the six stalwart friends join their wits to take on an impossibly beastly stink. $9.13 $7.30 Mighty Meg 4: Mighty Meg and the Super Disguise Sammy Griffin In Mighty Meg book 4, Meg pulls a page from comic book superheroes by trying to create her very own superhero disguise! Can she find the perfect costume so she can save her classmates without revealing her true identity? After almost having her superpowers discovered while rescuing a toddler from a sinkhole, Meg decides that she needs a disguise so she can help people while protecting her identity. But when more sinkholes start appearing out of nowhere, Meg may have to put aside her costume dilemma and risk being recognized in order to save the day! Can Meg find the perfect disguise and still get there in the nick of time? $7.99 Top ebooks in children's books See more Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone J.K. Rowling Turning the envelope over, his hand trembling, Harry saw a purple wax seal bearing a coat of arms; a lion, an eagle, a badger and a snake surrounding a large letter 'H'. Harry Potter has never even heard of Hogwarts when the letters start dropping on the doormat at number four, Privet Drive. Addressed in green ink on yellowish parchment with a purple seal, they are swiftly confiscated by his grisly aunt and uncle. Then, on Harry's eleventh birthday, a great beetle-eyed giant of a man called Rubeus Hagrid bursts in with some astonishing news: Harry Potter is a wizard, and he has a place at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. An incredible adventure is about to begin! $10.99 His Dark Materials Omnibus Philip Pullman HIS DARK MATERIALS IS NOW AN HBO ORIGINAL SERIES STARRING DAFNE KEEN, RUTH WILSON, JAMES McAVOY, AND LIN-MANUEL MIRANDA! The Golden Compass, The Subtle Knife, and The Amber Spyglass are available together in one volume perfect for any fan or newcomer to this modern fantasy classic series that has graced the New York Times, Wall Street Journal, San Francisco Chronicle, Book Sense, and Publishers Weekly bestseller lists. These thrilling adventures tell the story of Lyra and Will—two ordinary children on a perilous journey through shimmering haunted otherworlds. They will meet witches and armored bears, fallen angels and soul-eating specters. And in the end, the fate of both the living—and the dead—will rely on them. Phillip Pullman’s spellbinding His Dark Materials trilogy has captivated readers for over twenty years and won acclaim at every turn. It will have you questioning everything you know about your world and wondering what really lies just out of reach. Honors and Praise for His Dark Materials: An Entertainment Weekly All-Time Greatest Novel A Newsweek Top 100 Book of All Time "Arguably the best juvenile fantasy novel of the past twenty years." —The Washington Post    "Very grand indeed." —The New York Times “Pullman is quite possibly a genius.” —Newsweek  Don't miss Philip Pullman's epic new trilogy set in the world of His Dark Materials! ** THE BOOK OF DUST ** La Belle Sauvage The Secret Commonwealth $22.99 Wrecking Ball (Diary of a Wimpy Kid Book 14) Jeff Kinney In Wrecking Ball, Book 14 of the Diary of a Wimpy Kid series—from #1 international bestselling author Jeff Kinney—an unexpected inheritance gives Greg Heffley’s family a chance to make big changes to their house. But they soon find that home improvement isn’t all it’s cracked up to be. Once the walls come down, all sorts of problems start to crop up. Rotten wood, toxic mold, unwelcome critters, and something even more sinister all make Greg and his family wonder if the renovations are worth the trouble. When the dust finally settles, will the Heffleys be able to stay . . . or will they need to get out of town? And don’t miss Diary of an Awesome Friendly Kid: Rowley Jefferson’s Journal—the instant #1 bestseller—told from Greg's best friend Rowley’s perspective! $17.99 $9.99 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban J.K. Rowling 'Welcome to the Knight Bus, emergency transport for the stranded witch or wizard. Just stick out your wand hand, step on board and we can take you anywhere you want to go.' When the Knight Bus crashes through the darkness and screeches to a halt in front of him, it's the start of another far from ordinary year at Hogwarts for Harry Potter. Sirius Black, escaped mass-murderer and follower of Lord Voldemort, is on the run - and they say he is coming after Harry. In his first ever Divination class, Professor Trelawney sees an omen of death in Harry's tea leaves... But perhaps most terrifying of all are the Dementors patrolling the school grounds, with their soul-sucking kiss... $10.99 Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix J.K. Rowling 'You are sharing the Dark Lord's thoughts and emotions. The Headmaster thinks it inadvisable for this to continue. He wishes me to teach you how to close your mind to the Dark Lord.' Dark times have come to Hogwarts. After the Dementors' attack on his cousin Dudley, Harry Potter knows that Voldemort will stop at nothing to find him. There are many who deny the Dark Lord's return, but Harry is not alone: a secret order gathers at Grimmauld Place to fight against the Dark forces. Harry must allow Professor Snape to teach him how to protect himself from Voldemort's savage assaults on his mind. But they are growing stronger by the day and Harry is running out of time... $10.99 Warriors: The Broken Code #1: Lost Stars Erin Hunter An epic new adventure begins in Erin Hunter’s #1 bestselling Warriors series! For the first time, all five warrior Clans have settled into their true homes in the territory around the lake. But when a shockingly harsh leaf-bare season descends on the forest, a new darkness begins to spread—a shadow that threatens a beloved Clan leader, the cats’ connection with their ancestors in StarClan, and the very warrior code they live by. Packed with action and intrigue, the beginning of this sixth Warriors series is the perfect introduction for readers new to the Warriors world. And dedicated fans will be thrilled to discover the new adventures that unfold after the events of A Vision of Shadows. $11.99 $1.99 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows J.K. Rowling 'Give me Harry Potter,' said Voldemort's voice, 'and none shall be harmed. Give me Harry Potter, and I shall leave the school untouched. Give me Harry Potter, and you will be rewarded.' As he climbs into the sidecar of Hagrid's motorbike and takes to the skies, leaving Privet Drive for the last time, Harry Potter knows that Lord Voldemort and the Death Eaters are not far behind. The protective charm that has kept Harry safe until now is broken, but he cannot keep hiding. The Dark Lord is breathing fear into everything Harry loves and to stop him Harry will have to find and destroy the remaining Horcruxes. The final battle must begin - Harry must stand and face his enemy... $10.99 Tyrant's Tomb: The Trials of Apollo, Book Four Rick Riordan It's not easy being Apollo, especially when you've been turned into a human and banished from Olympus. On his path to restoring five ancient oracles and reclaiming his godly powers, Apollo (aka Lester Papadopoulos) has faced both triumphs and tragedies. Now his journey takes him to Camp Jupiter in the San Francisco Bay Area, where the Roman demigods are preparing for a desperate last stand against the evil Triumvirate of Roman emperors. Hazel, Reyna, Frank, Tyson, Ella, and many other old friends will need Apollo's aid to survive the onslaught. Unfortunately, the answer to their salvation lies in the forgotten tomb of a Roman ruler . . . someone even worse than the emperors Apollo has already faced. $11.99 Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince J.K. Rowling There it was, hanging in the sky above the school: the blazing green skull with a serpent tongue, the mark Death Eaters left behind whenever they had entered a building... wherever they had murdered... When Dumbledore arrives at Privet Drive one summer night to collect Harry Potter, his wand hand is blackened and shrivelled, but he does not reveal why. Secrets and suspicion are spreading through the wizarding world, and Hogwarts itself is not safe. Harry is convinced that Malfoy bears the Dark Mark: there is a Death Eater amongst them. Harry will need powerful magic and true friends as he explores Voldemort's darkest secrets, and Dumbledore prepares him to face his destiny... $10.99 Guts Raina Telgemeier Raina wakes up one night with a terrible upset stomach. Her mom has one, too, so it's probably just a bug. Raina eventually returns to school, where she's dealing with the usual highs and lows: friends, not-friends, and classmates who think the school year is just one long gross-out session. It soon becomes clear that Raina's tummy trouble isn't going away... and it coincides with her worries about food, school, and changing friendships. What's going on? Raina Telgemeier once again brings us a thoughtful, charming, and funny true story about growing up and gathering the courage to face -- and conquer -- her fears. $13.99 $9.99 Wrecking Ball is here + Read all your Wimpy Kid favorites See more Wrecking Ball (Diary of a Wimpy Kid Book 14) Jeff Kinney In Wrecking Ball, Book 14 of the Diary of a Wimpy Kid series—from #1 international bestselling author Jeff Kinney—an unexpected inheritance gives Greg Heffley’s family a chance to make big changes to their house. But they soon find that home improvement isn’t all it’s cracked up to be. Once the walls come down, all sorts of problems start to crop up. Rotten wood, toxic mold, unwelcome critters, and something even more sinister all make Greg and his family wonder if the renovations are worth the trouble. When the dust finally settles, will the Heffleys be able to stay . . . or will they need to get out of town? And don’t miss Diary of an Awesome Friendly Kid: Rowley Jefferson’s Journal—the instant #1 bestseller—told from Greg's best friend Rowley’s perspective! $17.99 $9.99 Diary of an Awesome Friendly Kid: Rowley Jefferson's Journal Jeff Kinney Get ready for a whole new look into Jeff Kinney’s Diary of a Wimpy Kid! Introducing the newest Wimpy Kid author—Rowley Jefferson! Rowley’s best friend Greg Heffley has been chronicling his middle-school years in thirteen Diary of a Wimpy Kid journals . . . and counting. But it’s finally time for readers to hear directly from Rowley in a journal of his own. In Diary of an Awesome Friendly Kid, Rowley writes about his experiences and agrees to play the role of biographer for Greg along the way. (After all, one day Greg will be rich and famous, and everyone will want to know his life’s story.) But Rowley is a poor choice for the job, and his “biography” of Greg is a hilarious mess. Diary of an Awesome Friendly Kid: Rowley Jefferson’s Journal offers readers a new way to look at the Wimpy world—one fans won’t want to miss!   $16.44 $9.99 The Meltdown (Diary of a Wimpy Kid Book 13) Jeff Kinney When snow shuts down Greg Heffley’s middle school, his neighborhood transforms into a wintry battlefield. Rival groups fight over territory, build massive snow forts, and stage epic snowball fights. And in the crosshairs are Greg and his trusty best friend, Rowley Jefferson. It’s a fight for survival as Greg and Rowley navigate alliances, betrayals, and warring gangs in a neighborhood meltdown. When the snow clears, will Greg and Rowley emerge as heroes? Or will they even survive to see another day? $17.99 $9.99 The Getaway (Diary of a Wimpy Kid Book 12) Jeff Kinney Greg Heffley and his family are getting out of town. With the cold weather and the stress of the approaching holiday season, the Heffleys decide to escape to a tropical island resort for some much-needed rest and relaxation. A few days in paradise should do wonders for Greg and his frazzled family. But the Heffleys soon discover that paradise isn't everything it's cracked up to be. Sun poisoning, stomach troubles, and venomous critters all threaten to ruin the family's vacation. Can their trip be saved, or will this island getaway end in disaster? $17.99 $9.99 Diary of a Wimpy Kid (Diary of a Wimpy Kid #1) Jeff Kinney Boys don’t keep diaries—or do they? The launch of an exciting and innovatively illustrated new series narrated by an unforgettable kid every family can relate to It’s a new school year, and Greg Heffley finds himself thrust into middle school, where undersized weaklings share the hallways with kids who are taller, meaner, and already shaving. The hazards of growing up before you’re ready are uniquely revealed through words and drawings as Greg records them in his diary. In book one of this debut series, Greg is happy to have Rowley, his sidekick, along for the ride. But when Rowley’s star starts to rise, Greg tries to use his best friend’s newfound popularity to his own advantage, kicking off a chain of events that will test their friendship in hilarious fashion. Author/illustrator Jeff Kinney recalls the growing pains of school life and introduces a new kind of hero who epitomizes the challenges of being a kid. As Greg says in his diary, “Just don’t expect me to be all ‘Dear Diary’ this and ‘Dear Diary’ that.†? Luckily for us, what Greg Heffley says he won’t do and what he actually does are two very different things. Since its launch in May 2004 on Funbrain.com, the Web version of Diary of a Wimpy Kid has been viewed by 20 million unique online readers. This year, it is averaging 70,000 readers a day. F&P level: T $17.99 $9.99 Double Down (Diary of a Wimpy Kid #11) Jeff Kinney The pressure’s really piling up on Greg Heffley. His mom thinks video games are turning his brain to mush, so she wants her son to put down the controller and explore his “creative side.” As if that’s not scary enough, Halloween’s just around the corner and the frights are coming at Greg from every angle. When Greg discovers a bag of gummy worms, it sparks an idea. Can he get his mom off his back by making a movie . . . and will he become rich and famous in the process? Or will doubling down on this plan just double Greg’s troubles? $17.99 $9.99 Old School (Diary of a Wimpy Kid #10) Jeff Kinney Life was better in the old days. Or was it? That’s the question Greg Heffley is asking as his town voluntarily unplugs and goes electronics-free. But modern life has its conveniences, and Greg isn’t cut out for an old-fashioned world. With tension building inside and outside the Heffley home, will Greg find a way to survive? Or is going “old school” just too hard for a kid like Greg? $17.99 $9.99 Rodrick Rules (Diary of a Wimpy Kid #2) Jeff Kinney The highly anticipated sequel to the #1 NEW YORK TIMES bestselling book! Secrets have a way of getting out, especially when a diary is involved. Whatever you do, don’t ask Greg Heffley how he spent his summer vacation, because he definitely doesn’t want to talk about it. As Greg enters the new school year, he’s eager to put the past three months behind him . . . and one event in particular. Unfortunately for Greg, his older brother, Rodrick, knows all about the incident Greg wants to keep under wraps. But secrets have a way of getting out . . . especially when a diary is involved. Diary of a Wimpy Kid: Rodrick Rules chronicles Greg’s attempts to navigate the hazards of middle school, impress the girls, steer clear of the school talent show, and most important, keep his secret safe. F&P level: T $17.99 $9.99 The Last Straw (Diary of a Wimpy Kid #3) Jeff Kinney The highly anticipated third book in the critically acclaimed and bestselling series takes the art of being wimpy to a whole new level. Let’s face it: Greg Heffley will never change his wimpy ways. Somebody just needs to explain that to Greg’s father. You see, Frank Heffley actually thinks he can get his son to toughen up, and he enlists Greg in organized sports and other “manly†? endeavors. Of course, Greg is able to easily sidestep his father’s efforts to change him. But when Greg’s dad threatens to send him to military academy, Greg realizes he has to shape up . . . or get shipped out. Greg and his family and friends, who make the Diary of a Wimpy Kid books a must-read for middle school readers, are back and at their best in this hilarious new installment of the series, which is sure to please current fans while attracting new ones. Publishers Weekly-1/19/2009:The third book in this genre-busting series is certain to enlarge Kinney’s presence on the bestseller lists, where the previous titles have taken up residence for the past two years. Kinney’s spot-on humor and winning formula of deadpan text set against cartoons are back in full force. This time, Greg starts off on New Year’s Day (he resolves to “help other people improve,†? telling his mother, “I think you should work on chewing your potato chips more quietly†?) and ends with summer vacation. As he fends off his father’s attempts to make him more of a man (the threat of military school looms), Greg’s hapless adventures include handing out anonymous valentines expressing his true feelings (“Dear James, You smell†?), attempting to impress his classmate Holly and single-handedly wrecking his soccer team’s perfect season. Kinney allows himself some insider humor as well, with Greg noting the “racket†? children’s book authors have going. “All you have to do is make up a character with a snappy name, and then make sure the character learns a lesson at the end of the book.†? Greg, self-centered as ever, may be the exception proving that rule. Ages 8†“12. (Jan.) F&P level: T $17.99 $9.99 Dog Days (Diary of a Wimpy Kid #4) Jeff Kinney It’s summer vacation, the weather’s great, and all the kids are having fun outside. So where’s Greg Heffley? Inside his house, playing video games with the shades drawn. Greg, a self-confessed “indoor person,” is living out his ultimate summer fantasy: no responsibilities and no rules. But Greg’s mom has a different vision for an ideal summer . . . one packed with outdoor activities and “family togetherness.” Whose vision will win out? Or will a new addition to the Heffley family change everything? F&P level: T $17.99 $9.99 Ignite curiosity Ara the Star Engineer & more inspiring stories See more Ara the Star Engineer Komal Singh   This is a STEM book and more! An inspiring, inclusive, whimsical way to learn about computers and technology from real-life trailblazers.   Ara is a young girl who loves BIG numbers. She wants to count all the stars in the sky… but how? This is an upbeat adventure of Ara and her sidekick droid, DeeDee (“Beep!”). They use smarts and grit to solve a BIG problem and discover an amazing algorithm! A quest that takes them through a whirlwind of intriguing locations at Innovation Plex -- Data Centre, Ideas Lab, Coding Pods, and X-Space. Along the way, they encounter real-life women tech trailblazers of diverse backgrounds, including a Tenacious Troubleshooter, an Intrepid Innovator, a Code Commander, and a Prolific Problem Solver. They tinker-and-tailor, build-and-fail, launch-and-iterate, and in the end discover an amazing algorithm of success -- coding, courage, creativity, and collaboration (“Beeeeep!”).   Read the book, download hands-on activities, follow further learning resources. Experience the story in immersive ways never done before… coming soon! Ara is making a splash with industry CEOs and best-selling kids authors.   “‘If she can see it, she can be it.’ With this story, girls can see leaders and be inspired to become one. A book for all ages and genders!” - Geena Davis, Founder and Chair, Geena Davis Institute on Gender in Media  Free Temple Grandin: How the Girl Who Loved Cows Embraced Autism and Changed the World Sy Montgomery When Temple Grandin was born, her parents knew that she was different. Years later she was diagnosed with autism. While Temple’s doctor recommended a hospital, her mother believed in her. Temple went to school instead. Today, Dr. Temple Grandin is a scientist and professor of animal science at Colorado State University. Her world-changing career revolutionized the livestock industry. As an advocate for autism, Temple uses her experience as an example of the unique contributions that autistic people can make. This compelling biography complete with Temple’s personal photos takes us inside her extraordinary mind and opens the door to a broader understanding of autism. $13.99 $9.99 Amina's Voice Hena Khan A Washington Post Best Children’s Book of 2017 “For inspiring empathy in young readers, you can’t get better than this book.” —R. J. Palacio, author of #1 New York Timesbestseller Wonder “Amina’s anxieties are entirely relatable, but it’s her sweet-hearted nature that makes her such a winning protagonist.” —Entertainment Weekly A Pakistani-American Muslim girl struggles to stay true to her family’s vibrant culture while simultaneously blending in at school after tragedy strikes her community in this “compassionate, timely novel” (Booklist, starred review) from the award-winning author of It’s Ramadan, Curious George and Golden Domes and Silver Lanterns. Amina has never been comfortable in the spotlight. She is happy just hanging out with her best friend, Soojin. Except now that she’s in middle school everything feels different. Soojin is suddenly hanging out with Emily, one of the “cool” girls in the class, and even talking about changing her name to something more “American.” Does Amina need to start changing too? Or hiding who she is to fit in? While Amina grapples with these questions, she is devastated when her local mosque is vandalized. Amina’s Voice brings to life the joys and challenges of a young Pakistani-American and highlights the many ways in which one girl’s voice can help bring a diverse community together to love and support each other. $8.99 Cilla Lee-Jenkins: Future Author Extraordinaire Susan Tan “Meeting Cilla felt like making a new best friend.” —Grace Lin, bestselling author of Newbery Honor book Where the Mountain Meets the Moon Priscilla "Cilla" Lee-Jenkins is on a tight deadline. Her baby sister is about to be born, and Cilla needs to become a bestselling author before her family forgets all about her. So she writes about what she knows best—herself! Stories from her bestselling memoir, Cilla Lee-Jenkins: Future Author Extraordinaire, include: - How she dealt with being bald until she was five - How she overcame her struggles with reading - How family traditions with her Grandma and Grandpa Jenkins and her Chinese grandparents, Nai Nai and Ye Ye, are so different Debut author Susan Tan has written a novel bursting with love and humor, as told through a bright, irresistible biracial protagonist who will win your heart and make you laugh. A Chicago Public Library Best Book of 2017 2017 Asian Pacific American Library Association Honor Book $8.99 Team BFF: Race to the Finish! #2 Stacia Deutsch Perfect for fans of The Babysitters Club and anyone interested in computer science, this book by New York Times bestselling author Stacia Deustch is published in partnership with the organization Girls Who Code! Sophia and her coding club BFFs have the best time together. Sure, they work on coding projects, but mostly they gossip about crushes, eat cookies, and do totally silly impersonations. Now they’re about to participate in their first hackathon--a full day of coding and meeting other coders—so it’s time to step up their game!   Just when Sophia and her friends think their hackathon project is ready for the big time, a change of plans threatens to tear their group apart. Will they have each other’s backs, or are they destined for an epic fail? They know that coding is all about teamwork and problem-solving—maybe friendship is, too! $10.99 Ada Twist, Scientist Andrea Beaty A #1 New York Times Bestseller A Wall Street Journal Bestseller A USA Today Bestseller The creators of the New York Times bestselling picture books Rosie Revere, Engineer and Iggy Peck, Architect are back with a story about the power of curiosity in the hands of a child who is on a mission to use science to understand her world. Ada Twist, Scientist, from powerhouse team Andrea Beaty and David Roberts, is a celebration of STEM, perseverance, and passion.   Like her classmates, builder Iggy and inventor Rosie, scientist Ada, a character of color, has a boundless imagination and has always been hopelessly curious. Why are there pointy things stuck to a rose? Why are there hairs growing inside your nose? When her house fills with a horrific, toe-curling smell, Ada knows it’s up to her to find the source. What would you do with a problem like this? Not afraid of failure, Ada embarks on a fact-finding mission and conducts scientific experiments, all in the name of discovery. But, this time, her experiments lead to even more stink and get her into trouble!   Inspired by real-life makers such as Ada Lovelace and Marie Curie, Ada Twist, Scientist champions girl power and women scientists, and brings welcome diversity to picture books about girls in science. Touching on themes of never giving up and problem solving, Ada comes to learn that her questions might not always lead to answers, but rather to more questions. She may never find the source of the stink, but with a supportive family and the space to figure it out, she’ll be able to feed her curiosity in the ways a young scientist should.   Iggy Peck and Rosie Revere have earned their places among the most beloved children’s characters, and they have inspired countless kids and adults to follow their dreams and passions. Now in her own charming and witty picture book, determined Ada Twist, with her boundless curiosity for science and love of the question “Why?,” is destined to join these two favorites.  The book is the perfect tool to remind both young girls and women that they have the intelligence and perseverance to achieve their dreams. $21.95 $13.17 Women Who Launched the Computer Age: With Audio Recording Laurie Calkhoven This book was chosen by the Children’s Book Council as a best STEM book of 2017! Meet the women who programmed the first all-electronic computer and built the technological language kids today can’t live without in this fascinating, nonfiction Level 3 Ready-to-Read, part of a new series of biographies about people “you should meet!” In 1946, six brilliant young women programmed the first all-electronic, programmable computer, the ENIAC, part of a secret World War II project. They learned to program without any programming languages or tools, and by the time they were finished, the ENIAC could run a complicated calculus equation in seconds. But when the ENIAC was presented to the press and public, the women were never introduced or given credit for their work. Learn all about what they did and how their invention still matters today in this story of six amazing young women everyone should meet! A special section at the back of the book includes extras on subjects like history and math, plus interesting trivia facts about how computers have changed over time. With the You Should Meet series, learning about historical figures has never been so much fun! $6.99 Katherine Johnson Thea Feldman Get to know the woman who made many of NASA’s early missions possible in this fascinating, nonfiction Level 3 Ready-to-Read, part of a series of biographies about people “you should meet!” Meet Katherine Johnson, a brilliant mathematician who worked at NASA in the early 1950s until retiring in 1986. Katherine’s unparalleled calculations (done by hand) helped plan the trajectories for NASA’s Mercury and Apollo missions (including the Apollo 11 moon landing). She is said to be one of the greatest American minds of all time. A special section at the back of the book includes extras on subjects like history and math, plus inspiring careers for math lovers. With the You Should Meet series, learning about historical figures has never been so much fun! $6.99 One Trick Pony Nathan Hale The aliens have arrived. And they’re hungry for electricity. In the Earth of the future, humans are on the run from an alien force—giant blobs who suck up electrical devices wherever they can find them. Strata and her family are part of a caravan of digital rescuers, hoping to keep the memory of civilization alive by saving electronics wherever they can. Many humans have reverted to a pre-electrical age, and others have taken advantage of the invasion to become dangerous bandits and outlaws. When Strata and her brother are separated from the caravan, they must rely on a particularly beautiful and rare robot pony to escape the outlaws and aliens—and defeat the invaders once and for all. $11.99 $9.59 The Gauntlet Karuna Riazi A trio of friends from New York City find themselves trapped inside a mechanical board game that they must dismantle in order to save themselves and generations of other children in this action-packed debut that’s a steampunk Jumanji with a Middle Eastern flair. Nothing can prepare you for The Gauntlet… It didn’t look dangerous, exactly. When twelve-year-old Farah first laid eyes on the old-fashioned board game, she thought it looked…elegant. It is made of wood, etched with exquisite images—a palace with domes and turrets, lattice-work windows that cast eerie shadows, a large spider—and at the very center of its cover, in broad letters, is written: The Gauntlet of Blood and Sand. The Gauntlet is more than a game, though. It is the most ancient, the most dangerous kind of magic. It holds worlds inside worlds. And it takes players as prisoners. $9.99 Nickelodeon favourites New releases + more See more Adventure Story Collection (Multi-property) Nickelodeon Publishing This deluxe 320-page storybook collection features everyone's favorite characters from Nickelodeon's Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, PAW Patrol, Blaze and the Monster Machines, Dora and Friends, Bubble Guppies, and SpongeBob SquarePants! Boys and girls ages 3 to 7 will love the tales of friendship and adventure! $10.43 $8.34 The Puppy Twins (Dora the Explorer) Nickelodeon Publishing Dora the Explorer's puppy has a twin! So does Map! Come to the tain arty and meet all the twins! $5.21 $4.01 Playground Heroes (Team Umizoomi) Nickelodeon Publishing The dinosaurs are missing from the Umi City Museum, and Team Umizoomi must use their mighty math powers to find them! Fans of Nickelodeon ages 2-5 will love this charmingly-illustrated story. $5.21 $4.01 Wish Upon a Sleepover! (Shimmer and Shine) Nickelodeon Publishing Shimmer and Shine make their first sleepover a night to remember! Girls and boys ages 2 to 5 will love this love this all-new storybook starring Nickelodeon’s silliest genies. This Nickelodeon read-along contains audio narration. $6.52 $5.02 Showdown With Shredder (Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles) Nickelodeon Publishing The ruthless martial arts master Shredder has an evil plan to defeat Splinter and destroy the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles. Can he be stopped? $5.21 $4.01 Dance to the Rescue (Dora the Explorer) Nickelodeon Publishing Oh, no! A mean elf has trapped Swiper in a bottle! To save him, Dora the Explorer has to dance her way to the Castle where she can win a wish to set Swiper free. Will Dora be able to dance to Swiper's rescue? $5.21 $4.01 Colors Everywhere (Bubble Guppies) Nickelodeon Publishing Kids will love learning about colors in this Bubble Guppies book. This Nickelodeon Read-Along features audio narration. $6.52 $5.02 iDon't Wanna Fight! (iCarly) Nickelodeon Publishing Hey, people! The iCARLY television and web phenomenon is now in books! Carly and Sam have been best friends for years. They've always had lots of fun together. But on the fifth anniversary of their friendship, the two girls get into a big fight. Will Carly and Sam be able to work it out? $5.21 $4.01 Little Star (Dora the Explorer) Nickelodeon Publishing Dora and Boots spy the first little star of the evening and begin making their wishes. But suddenly a comet knocks Little Star out of the sky, and she falls to the ground. Join Dora the Explorer and Boots as they try to get Little Star home, so that everyone can make a good-night wish. $5.21 $4.01 Sozin's Comet: The Final Battle (Avatar: The Last Airbender) Nickelodeon Publishing Experience the four-part season three Avatar: The Last Airbender finale like never before--through the eyes of your favorite Avatar characters: Aang, Zuko, Azula, Fire Lord Ozai, Sokka, Katara, and Uncle Iroh! Includes a totally exclusive interview with Avatar creators Michael Dante DiMartino and Bryan Konietzko, as well as some of their early sketches of the Avatar world and characters! $6.52 $5.02 The Newbery Award Winners & nominees See more The Graveyard Book Neil Gaiman Neil Gaiman's perennial favorite, The Graveyard Book, has sold more than one million copies and is the only novel to win both the Newbery Medal and the Carnegie Medal. Bod is an unusual boy who inhabits an unusual place—he's the only living resident of a graveyard. Raised from infancy by the ghosts, werewolves, and other cemetery denizens, Bod has learned the antiquated customs of his guardians' time as well as their ghostly teachings—such as the ability to Fade so mere mortals cannot see him. Can a boy raised by ghosts face the wonders and terrors of the worlds of both the living and the dead? The Graveyard Book is the winner of the Newbery Medal, the Carnegie Medal, the Hugo Award for best novel, the Locus Award for Young Adult novel, the American Bookseller Association’s “Best Indie Young Adult Buzz Book,” a Horn Book Honor, and Audio Book of the Year. $9.99 A Year Down Yonder Richard Peck A Newbery Medal Winner Richard Peck's Newbery Medal-winning sequel to A Long Way from Chicago Mary Alice's childhood summers in Grandma Dowdel's sleepy Illinois town were packed with enough drama to fill the double bill of any picture show. But now she is fifteen, and faces a whole long year with Grandma, a woman well known for shaking up her neighbors-and everyone else! All Mary Alice can know for certain is this: when trying to predict how life with Grandma might turn out . . . better not. This wry, delightful sequel to the Newbery Honor Book A Long Way from Chicago has already taken its place among the classics of children's literature. "Hilarious and poignant." —Publishers Weekly, starred review A Newbery Medal Winner A New York Times Bestseller An ALA Notable Book An ALA Best Book for Young Adults A Booklist Best Book of the Year A School Library Journal Best Book of the Year  $9.99 Surviving the Applewhites Stephanie S. Tolan The side-splittingly funny Newbery Honor Book about a rebellious boy who is sent to a home-schooling program run by one family—the creative, kooky, loud, and loving Applewhites! Jake Semple is notorious. Rumor has it he managed to get kicked out of every school in Rhode Island, and actually burned the last one down to the ground. Only one place will take him now, and that's a home school run by the Applewhites, a chaotic and hilarious family of artists: poet Lucille, theater director Randolph, dancer Cordelia, and dreamy Destiny. The only one who doesn't fit the Applewhite mold is E.D.—a smart, sensible girl who immediately clashes with the defiant Jake. Jake thinks surviving this new school will be a breeze . . . but is he really as tough or as bad as he seems? $8.99 Dead End in Norvelt Jack Gantos Dead End in Norvelt is the winner of the 2012 Newbery Medal for the year's best contribution to children's literature and the Scott O'Dell Award for Historical Fiction! Melding the entirely true and the wildly fictional, Dead End in Norvelt is a novel about an incredible two months for a kid named Jack Gantos, whose plans for vacation excitement are shot down when he is "grounded for life" by his feuding parents, and whose nose spews bad blood at every little shock he gets. But plenty of excitement (and shocks) are coming Jack's way once his mom loans him out to help a fiesty old neighbor with a most unusual chore—typewriting obituaries filled with stories about the people who founded his utopian town. As one obituary leads to another, Jack is launced on a strange adventure involving molten wax, Eleanor Roosevelt, twisted promises, a homemade airplane, Girl Scout cookies, a man on a trike, a dancing plague, voices from the past, Hells Angels . . . and possibly murder. Endlessly surprising, this sly, sharp-edged narrative is the author at his very best, making readers laugh out loud at the most unexpected things in a dead-funny depiction of growing up in a slightly off-kilter place where the past is present, the present is confusing, and the future is completely up in the air. $9.99 The War that Saved My Life Kimberly Brubaker Bradley #1 New York Times Bestseller Newbery Honor Book Winner of the Schneider Family Book Award (Middle School) Wall Street Journal Best Children's Books of 2015 New York Public Library's 100 Books for Reading and Sharing  An exceptionally moving story of triumph against all odds set during World War II, from the acclaimed author of Jefferson’s Sons and for fans of Number the Stars.   Ten-year-old Ada has never left her one-room apartment. Her mother is too humiliated by Ada’s twisted foot to let her outside. So when her little brother Jamie is shipped out of London to escape the war, Ada doesn’t waste a minute—she sneaks out to join him.   So begins a new adventure for Ada, and for Susan Smith, the woman who is forced to take the two kids in. As Ada teaches herself to ride a pony, learns to read, and watches for German spies, she begins to trust Susan—and Susan begins to love Ada and Jamie. But in the end, will their bond be enough to hold them together through wartime? Or will Ada and her brother fall back into the cruel hands of their mother?   This masterful work of historical fiction is equal parts adventure and a moving tale of family and identity—a classic in the making. $9.99 Where the Mountain Meets the Moon Grace Lin A Newbery Honor WinnerA New York Times Bestseller This stunning fantasy inspired by Chinese folklore is a companion novel to Starry River of the Sky and the New York Times bestselling and National Book Award finalist When the Sea Turned to Silver In the valley of Fruitless mountain, a young girl named Minli lives in a ramshackle hut with her parents. In the evenings, her father regales her with old folktales of the Jade Dragon and the Old Man on the Moon, who knows the answers to all of life's questions. Inspired by these stories, Minli sets off on an extraordinary journey to find the Old Man on the Moon to ask him how she can change her family's fortune. She encounters an assorted cast of characters and magical creatures along the way, including a dragon who accompanies her on her quest for the ultimate answer. Grace Lin, author of the beloved Year of the Dog and Year of the Rat returns with a wondrous story of adventure, faith, and friendship. A fantasy crossed with Chinese folklore, Where the Mountain Meets the Moon is a timeless story reminiscent of The Wizard of Oz and Kelly Barnhill's The Girl Who Drank the Moon. Her beautiful illustrations, printed in full-color, accompany the text throughout. Once again, she has created a charming, engaging book for young readers. $10.99 Joey Pigza Loses Control Jack Gantos The sequel to Joey Pigza Swallowed the Key, a National Book Award Finalist. When Joey Pigza meets his dad for the first time in years, he meets a grown-up version of his old out-of-control self. Carter Pigza is as wired as Joey used to be -- before his stint in special ed, and before he got his new meds. Joey's mom reluctantly agrees that he can stay with his dad for a summer visit, which sends Joey racing with sky-high hopes that he and Carter can finally get to know each other. But as the weeks whirl by, Carter has bigger plans in mind. He decides that just as he has pulled himself up by his own bootstraps, Joey can do the same and become as normal as any kid, without the help of a doctor's prescription. Carter believes Joey can do it and Joey wants to believe him more than anything in the world. Here is the continuation of the acclaimed Joey Pigza story, affirming not only that Joey Pigza is a true original but that it runs in the family. This title has Common Core connections. Joey Pigza Loses Control is a 2000 New York Times Book Review Notable Children's Book of the Year and a 2001 Newbery Honor Book. $8.99 The Mostly True Adventures Of Homer P. Figg (Scholastic Gold) Rodman Philbrick In this emotive, Newbery Honor-winning page-turner, 12 year-old orphan Homer runs away from Pine Swamp, Maine, to find his older brother, Harold, who has been sold into the Union Army. With laugh-aloud humor, Homer outwits and outruns a colorful assortment of Civil War-era thieves, scallywags, and spies as he makes his way south, following clues that finally lead him to the Battle of Gettysburg and the dramatic story of the 20th Maine at Little Round Top. Even through a hail of gunfire, Homer never loses heart--but will he find his brother? Or will it be too late? With engaging wit and comical repartee reminiscent of Mark Twain, master storyteller Rodman Philbrick introduces us to the unforgettable character of Homer in this groundbreaking historical novel. The Mostly True Adventures of Homer P. Figg joins the Scholastic Gold line, which features award-winning and beloved novels. Includes exclusive bonus content! $7.99 $6.15 The Crispin: Cross of Lead Avi Winner of the 2003 Newbery Medal, Avi's action-packed adventure, Crispin, transports us back to 14th-century England, where a boy stands accused of murder. $6.99 Dark Emperor and Other Poems of the Night Joyce Sidman Come feel the cool and shadowed breeze, come smell your way among the trees, come touch rough bark and leathered leaves: Welcome to the night. Welcome to the night, where mice stir and furry moths flutter. Where snails spiral into shells as orb spiders circle in silk. Where the roots of oak trees recover and repair from their time in the light. Where the porcupette eats delicacies—raspberry leaves!—and coos and sings. Come out to the cool, night wood, and buzz and hoot and howl—but do beware of the great horned owl—for it’s wild and it’s windy way out in the woods! $19.99 $10.99 Customer favourites Top-rated reads for kids See more The Obsidians (Oliver Blue and the School for Seers—Book Three) Morgan Rice “A powerful opener to a series [that] will produce a combination of feisty protagonists and challenging circumstances to thoroughly involve not just young adults, but adult fantasy fans who seek epic stories fueled by powerful friendships and adversaries.” --Midwest Book Review (Diane Donovan) (re A Throne for Sisters) “Morgan Rice's imagination is limitless!” --Books and Movie Reviews (re A Throne for Sisters) From #1 Bestselling fantasy author Morgan Rice comes a new series for middle grade readers (and beyond)! Fans of Harry Potter and Percy Jackson—look no further! In THE OBSIDIANS: OLIVER BLUE AND THE SCHOOL FOR SEERS (BOOK THREE), 11 year old Oliver Blue once again finds himself in the race of his life. His beloved friend Esther is dying of time-travel sickness, and the only chance of saving her is to risk his life and travel back in time once more. This time, it is to the Italy of the 1400s, to visit two very important people: Leonardo Da Vinci, and his rival, Michelangelo. Only Leonardo’s inventions hold the answer; and only Michelangelo’s paintings hold the key. The Obsidians, though, are bent on revenge, and Chris is determined to not stop until his little brother is done. An uplifting fantasy, THE OBSIDIANS is book #3 in a riveting new series filled with magic, love, humor, heartbreak, tragedy, destiny, and a string of shocking surprises. It will make you fall in love with OLIVER BLUE, and keep you turning pages late into the night. Book #4 in the series will be available soon!  “The beginnings of something remarkable are there.” --San Francisco Book Review (re A Quest of Heroes) $5.99 Freak the Mighty (Scholastic Gold): Book 1 Rodman Philbrick Freak the Mighty joins the Scholastic Gold line, which features award-winning and beloved novels. Includes exclusive bonus content! It has been over twenty years -- and more than two million copies, eight foreign editions, and a popular Miramax feature film -- since the world was introduced to this powerful story of a unique friendship between a troubled, oversized boy and the tiny, physically challenged genius who proves that courage comes in all sizes. This simple yet timeless story explores many themes, including bullying -- an important topic in today's schools. Freak the Mighty is sure to remain fresh, dramatic, and memorable for the next twenty years and beyond! $7.99 $6.15 The Three Little Pigs: Usborne First Reading: Level Three Susanna Davidson When mum's house becomes too small, it's time for Pinky, Percy and Poppy Pig to build houses of their own. But will they chose their materials wisely and escape the Big Bad Wolf? Simply written in lively, flowing text Usborne First Reading books are designed to capture the imagination and build the confidence of beginner readers. This book includes audio and links to downloadable worksheets and teacher's notes. "Irresistible for children learning to read. " - Child Education Plus $6.07 Bodyguard: Recruit Chris Bradford A new action-packed adventure series for young fans of Alex Rider and Jason Bourne--with the first four books publishing simultaneously. Binge read for summer! Teenage kickboxing champion Connor Reeves is determined to do his father, a former special forces soldier, proud. Recruited into the ranks of a top-secret young bodyguard squad known as Guardian, Connor trains in surveillance, anti-ambush exercises, hostage survival and unarmed combat. Whatever it takes to prepare him for the dangerous missions ahead. But nothing can prepare Connor for his first assignment when the US president summons him to protect the First Daughter. For not even the Secret Service knows that a terrorist sleeper cell has been activated in America. Its mission: to take the president’s daughter hostage. Combining pulse-pounding action, diabolical enemies, and an insider's knowledge of the tricks of the trade, the BODYGUARD series is the perfect target for fans of Alex Rider, James Bond, 24, and Jason Bourne. Praise for BODYGUARD “Breathtaking action . . . as real as it gets.”—Eoin Colfer, author of the bestselling Artemis Fowl series "The training sequences are detailed and realistic, and Connor is relatable and likable. Featuring intense action sequences and strong friendships, this series starter will appeal to reluctant readers and fans of the 'Alex Rider' books."—School Library Journal on Recruit $9.99 Brighty of the Grand Canyon Marguerite Henry A determined little burro earns the loyalty and affection of everyone he encounters in this classic story from Newbery Award–winning author Marguerite Henry. Long ago, a lone little burro roamed the high cliffs of the Grand Canyon and touched the hearts of all who knew him: a grizzled old miner, a big-game hunter, even President Teddy Roosevelt. Named Brighty by the prospector who befriended him, he remained a free spirit at heart. But when a ruthless claim-jumper murdered the prospector, loyal Brighty risked everything to bring the killer to justice. Brighty’s adventures have delighted generations of readers, and he has become the symbol of a joyous way of life. Some people say that you can even see his spirit roving the canyon on moonlit nights—forever wild, forever free. $8.99 Matilda Roald Dahl "A true genius . . . Roald Dahl is my hero" - David Walliams "So Matilda's strong young mind continued to grow, nurtured by the voices of all those authors who had sent their books out into the world like ships on the sea. These books gave Matilda a hopeful and comforting message: You are not alone." Matilda is the world's most famous bookworm, no thanks to her ghastly parents. Her father thinks she's a little scab. Her mother spends all afternoon playing bingo. And her headmistress, Miss Trunchbull? She's the worst of all. She's a big bully, who thinks all her pupils are rotten and locks them in the dreaded Chokey. Despite these beastly grownups trying to push her down, Matilda is an extraordinary girl with a magical mind. And she's had enough. So all the terrible adults had better watch out, because she's going to teach them a lesson they'll never forget! $9.50 $7.60 The Shy Little Kitten Cathleen Schurr One beautiful day, a shy little kitten embarks on a journey filled with adventure! In the course of her wanderings, she meets an interesting and often amusing collection of fellow creatures. The Shy Little Kitten, with illustrations by the renowned Gustaf Tenggren. $5.99 By The Time You Read This, I'll Be Dead Julie Anne Peters After a lifetime of being bullied, Daelyn is broken beyond repair. She has tried to kill herself before, and is determined to get it right this time. Though her parents think they can protect her, she finds a Web site for "completers" that seems made just for her. She blogs on its forums, purging her harrowing history. At her private Catholic school, the only person who interacts with her is a boy named Santana. No matter how poorly she treats him, he just won't leave her alone. And it's too late for Daelyn to be letting people into her life . . . isn't it? $7.99 Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince J.K. Rowling There it was, hanging in the sky above the school: the blazing green skull with a serpent tongue, the mark Death Eaters left behind whenever they had entered a building... wherever they had murdered... When Dumbledore arrives at Privet Drive one summer night to collect Harry Potter, his wand hand is blackened and shrivelled, but he does not reveal why. Secrets and suspicion are spreading through the wizarding world, and Hogwarts itself is not safe. Harry is convinced that Malfoy bears the Dark Mark: there is a Death Eater amongst them. Harry will need powerful magic and true friends as he explores Voldemort's darkest secrets, and Dumbledore prepares him to face his destiny... $10.99 The Royal Ranger: The Red Fox Clan John Flanagan #1 New York Times bestselling author John Flanagan returns to the world of Ranger's Apprentice, continuing the story arc starring fan favorites, Will and Maddie (The Royal Ranger: A New Beginning). Picking up where The Royal Ranger: A New Beginning left off, this next installment continues the story arc featuring young apprentice, Maddie, and the student-turned-master, Will Treaty. The time has come for the next generation to assume the mantle and become protectors of the kingdom of Araluen. After passing her third-year assessment as a ranger's apprentice, Maddie is called home to Castle Araluen. Forced to keep her ranger training a secret, Maddie feels trapped by the monotony of castle life and longs to find a way out. But there are whisperings of a new threat to the kingdom. The mysterious Red Fox Clan, a group of anarchists all donning fox masks, have threatened Castle Araluen and question Princess Cassandra and Madelyn's succession to the throne. Will they succeed in unseating Cassandra and Madelyn and take the throne for themselves? Bestselling author of the Ranger's Apprentice and Brotherband series, John Flanagan returns in the captivating follow-up to The Royal Ranger: A New Beginning. Perfect for fans of Tolkien, Redwall, and Game of Thrones! $9.99 Books on screen Goosebumps & more faves See more Goosebumps The Movie: The Movie Novel R. L. Stine THE GOOSEBUMPS MOVIE captures the chills, thrills, and giggles of Scholastic's original bestselling series. Jack Black stars as author R. L. Stine. Zach, 16, has just moved from NYC to a creepy small town. He soon realizes his new neighbor, Hannah (also 16), is in danger. When he tries to rescue her, he accidentally unleashes the monsters created and brought to life by her writer father, R.L. Stine. Now it's up to Zach, Hannah, and Stine to get the monsters back in their books where they belong. Can they stop the monsters... for good? $6.99 $5.38 Minions: The Junior Novel Sadie Chesterfield The story of Universal Pictures and Illumination Entertainment's Minions begins at the dawn of time. Starting as single-celled yellow organisms, Minions evolve through the ages, perpetually serving the most despicable of masters. Continuously unsuccessful at keeping these masters-from T. rex to Napoleon-the Minions find themselves without someone to serve and fall into a deep depression. But one Minion named Kevin has a plan, and he-alongside teenage rebel Stuart and lovable little Bob-ventures out into the world to find a new evil boss for his brethren to follow. The trio embarks upon a thrilling journey that ultimately leads them to their next potential master, Scarlet Overkill (Academy Award® winner Sandra Bullock), the world's first-ever female super-villain. They travel from frigid Antarctica to 1960s New York City, ending in mod London, where they must face their biggest challenge to date: saving all of Minionkind...from annihilation. Featuring a soundtrack of hit music from the '60s that still permeates our culture today, Minions is produced by Illumination's Chris Meledandri and Janet Healy, and is directed by Pierre Coffin and Kyle Balda. Brian Lynch has written the screenplay for the 3D-CG comedy adventure, and Chris Renaud serves as executive producer of the film. A retelling of the new feature film! $8.99 The Lightning Thief Rick Riordan Percy Jackson is about to be kicked out of boarding school...again. And that's the least of his troubles. Lately, mythological monsters and the gods of Mount Olympus seem to be walking straight out of the pages of Percy's Greek mythology textbook and into his life. Book #1 in the NYT best-selling series, with cover art from the feature film, The Lightning Thief. $6.99 Secret of the Wings Movie Storybook Disney Book Group What lies within the forbidden Winter Woods, and why do Tinker Bell''s wings sparkle and glow when she''s near them? On a dangerous adventure to find the answers, Tink teams up with a winter fairy named Periwinkle. Together they explore the seasons and discover the secret that will change both their lives forever! $9.99 World of Reading: Cinderella: Cinderella (Live Action) Early Reader: A Disney Read-Along (Level 2) Disney Book Group Read along with Disney! This is the story of Ella. When she was a little girl, her mother and father taught her to be kind. They taught her to be good. But one sad day her mother passed away. When her father remarried, her new stepfamily was mean to her. They called her Cinderella since they made her sleep by the fire. But her kindness won the heart of a man named Kit. Ella hoped to see him at the royal ball. But Ella's stepfamily was jeaous of Ella's beauty and grace and tried to stop her from going. Will Ella make it to the ball and get her happily ever after? Follow along with word-for-word narration to find out! $4.99 Cinderella Deluxe Illustrated Novel Disney Book Group Ella is different than most young women in the kingdom. She can quote any Shakespearean play. She befriends every animal she meets, including the scurrying mice living in the walls. She believes in the power of kindness, in changing customs that are not so kind. Ella has faced unspeakable tragedy and loss, and is at the mercy of her cruel stepfamily. And yet, Ella tries to keep a brave face, no matter how difficult this becomes. Kit has always been deemed a "dreamer." He values peace above all else. He's never understood the point of certain royal traditions and rituals. He'd rather spend time in his mother's garden than learn to fence or sit for a portrait. And as a prince, this has been somewhat problematic. This is a story about kindness and courage, about love lost and love found, about the power of names. This is the story of Cinderella. $10.99 Wreck-It Ralph Movie Storybook Disney Book Group Adapted from Disney's hit movie, Wreck-It Ralph, thIs storybook retells the story of Ralph, a video game Bad Guy who desperately wants to be a Good Guy in hopes of winning friends and respect. He leaves his own game and soon is accidentally wrecking other games in the arcade. His only hope lies with Vanellope von Schweetz, a young trouble-making "glitch" from a candy go-kart racing game. Can Ralph learn how to be a true Good Guy before the entire arcade is destroyed? $8.99 Hotel Transylvania 2 Movie Novelization This retelling of the hilarious monster comedy includes an eight-page insert of full-color images! Sony Pictures Animation’s Hotel Transylvania 2 hits theaters September 25, 2015—just in time for Halloween! Everyone’s favorite monsters are back for another exciting adventure in Hotel Transylvania! ™ & © 2015 Sony Pictures Animation Inc. All Rights Reserved. $7.99 Monsters, Inc. Movie Storybook Disney Book Group When a little girl wanders into the monster world, it's up to monsters Mike and Sulley to get her back home safely. Follow along with their adventures through Monstropolis in this fully-illustrated picturebook featuring a full retelling of the hit film, Monsters Inc.! $9.99 Snack Attack! Natalie Shaw The much-anticipated sequel to Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs hits theaters on September 27, 2013! The fantastic food from Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs 2 movie comes to life! When Flint Lockwood and the rest of the Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs gang goes back to Swallow Falls, they see a whole lot of living food: There are Cheespiders, Tacodiles, Watermelophants, Bananostriches, Hippotatomus, Shrimpanzees, and more! TM & © 2013 Sony Pictures Animation Inc. All Rights Reserved. $5.99 Inspiring stories & courageous characters See more Dead End in Norvelt Jack Gantos Dead End in Norvelt is the winner of the 2012 Newbery Medal for the year's best contribution to children's literature and the Scott O'Dell Award for Historical Fiction! Melding the entirely true and the wildly fictional, Dead End in Norvelt is a novel about an incredible two months for a kid named Jack Gantos, whose plans for vacation excitement are shot down when he is "grounded for life" by his feuding parents, and whose nose spews bad blood at every little shock he gets. But plenty of excitement (and shocks) are coming Jack's way once his mom loans him out to help a fiesty old neighbor with a most unusual chore—typewriting obituaries filled with stories about the people who founded his utopian town. As one obituary leads to another, Jack is launced on a strange adventure involving molten wax, Eleanor Roosevelt, twisted promises, a homemade airplane, Girl Scout cookies, a man on a trike, a dancing plague, voices from the past, Hells Angels . . . and possibly murder. Endlessly surprising, this sly, sharp-edged narrative is the author at his very best, making readers laugh out loud at the most unexpected things in a dead-funny depiction of growing up in a slightly off-kilter place where the past is present, the present is confusing, and the future is completely up in the air. $9.99 The War that Saved My Life Kimberly Brubaker Bradley #1 New York Times Bestseller Newbery Honor Book Winner of the Schneider Family Book Award (Middle School) Wall Street Journal Best Children's Books of 2015 New York Public Library's 100 Books for Reading and Sharing  An exceptionally moving story of triumph against all odds set during World War II, from the acclaimed author of Jefferson’s Sons and for fans of Number the Stars.   Ten-year-old Ada has never left her one-room apartment. Her mother is too humiliated by Ada’s twisted foot to let her outside. So when her little brother Jamie is shipped out of London to escape the war, Ada doesn’t waste a minute—she sneaks out to join him.   So begins a new adventure for Ada, and for Susan Smith, the woman who is forced to take the two kids in. As Ada teaches herself to ride a pony, learns to read, and watches for German spies, she begins to trust Susan—and Susan begins to love Ada and Jamie. But in the end, will their bond be enough to hold them together through wartime? Or will Ada and her brother fall back into the cruel hands of their mother?   This masterful work of historical fiction is equal parts adventure and a moving tale of family and identity—a classic in the making. $9.99 Joey Pigza Swallowed the Key Jack Gantos "They say I'm wired bad, or wired sad, but there's no doubt about it -- I'm wired." Joey Pigza's got heart, he's got a mom who loves him, and he's got "dud meds," which is what he calls the Ritalin pills that are supposed to even out his wild mood swings. Sometimes Joey makes bad choices. He learns the hard way that he shouldn't stick his finger in the pencil sharpener, or swallow his house key, or run with scissors. Joey ends up bouncing around a lot - and eventually he bounces himself all the way downown, into the district special-ed program, which could be the end of the line. As Joey knows, if he keeps making bad choices, he could just fall between the cracks for good. But he is determined not to let that happen. In this antic yet poignant new novel, Jack Gantos has perfect pitch in capturing the humor, the off-the-wall intensity, and the serious challenges that life presents to a kid dealing with hyper-activity and related disorders. This title has Common Core connections. Joey Pigza Swallowed the Key is a 1998 National Book Award Finalist for Young People's Literature. $8.99 Okay for Now Gary D. Schmidt 2011 National Book Award FinalistAs a fourteen-year-old who just moved to a new town, with no friends and a louse for an older brother, Doug Swieteck has all the stats stacked against him. So begins a coming-of-age masterwork full of equal parts comedy and tragedy from Newbery Honor winner Gary D. Schmidt. As Doug struggles to be more than the “skinny thug” that his teachers and the police think him to be, he finds an unlikely ally in Lil Spicer—a fiery young lady who “smelled like daisies would smell if they were growing in a big field under a clearing sky after a rain.” In Lil, Doug finds the strength to endure an abusive father, the suspicions of a whole town, and the return of his oldest brother, forever scarred, from Vietnam. Together, they find a safe haven in the local library, inspiration in learning about the plates of John James Audubon’s birds, and a hilarious adventure on a Broadway stage. In this stunning novel, Schmidt expertly weaves multiple themes of loss and recovery in a story teeming with distinctive, unusual characters and invaluable lessons about love, creativity, and survival. $10.49 $8.39 The Dreamer Pam Munoz Ryan Pura Belpré Award Winner A tender, transcendent, and meticulously crafted novel from Newbery Honoree, Pam Muñoz Ryan, and three-time Caldecott Honoree, Peter Sís! From the time he is a young boy, Neftalí hears the call of a mysterious voice. Even when the neighborhood children taunt him, and when his harsh, authoritarian father ridicules him, and when he doubts himself, Neftalí knows he cannot ignore the call. He listens and follows as it leads him under the canopy of the lush rain forest, into the fearsome sea, and through the persistent Chilean rain on an inspiring voyage of self-discovery that will transform his life and, ultimately, the world. Combining elements of magical realism with biography, poetry, literary fiction, and transporting illustrations, Pam Muñoz Ryan and Peter Sís take readers on a rare journey of the heart and imagination as they explore the inspiring early life of the poet who became Pablo Neruda. $9.99 $7.99 Waiting for the Magic Patricia MacLachlan People may drift apart, but love can hold them together. A touching tale of pets and family told in the “venerable spare and moving style” of Newbery Medalist Patricia MacLachlan, author of Sarah, Plain and Tall (Booklist). When William’s father leaves, his mother promptly goes out and adds four dogs and a cat to their lives. William’s sure that nothing can fill the hole left by his father, but the new additions to the family are determined to help. With his sister, Elinor, and his mother, William will learn that “family” can come in all shapes and sizes, because sometimes we find love through magic, and sometimes that magic is all around us. $7.99 Counting by 7s Holly Goldberg Sloan In the tradition of Out of My Mind, Wonder, and Mockingbird, this is an intensely moving middle grade novel about being an outsider, coping with loss, and discovering the true meaning of family. Willow Chance is a twelve-year-old genius, obsessed with nature and diagnosing medical conditions, who finds it comforting to count by 7s. It has never been easy for her to connect with anyone other than her adoptive parents, but that hasn’t kept her from leading a quietly happy life . . . until now.   Suddenly Willow’s world is tragically changed when her parents both die in a car crash, leaving her alone in a baffling world. The triumph of this book is that it is not a tragedy. This extraordinarily odd, but extraordinarily endearing, girl manages to push through her grief. Her journey to find a fascinatingly diverse and fully believable surrogate family is a joy and a revelation to read. “Holly Goldberg Sloan writes about belonging in a way I’ve never quite seen in any other book. This is a gorgeous, funny, and heartwarming novel that I’ll never forget.”—John Corey Whaley, author of Where Things Come Back "Willow Chance subtly drew me into her head and her life, so much so that I was holding my breath for her by the end. Holly Goldberg Sloan has created distinct characters who will stay with you long after you finish the book."—Sharon Creech, Newbery Award-winning author of Walk Two Moons "In achingly beautiful prose, Holly Goldberg Sloan has written a delightful tale of transformation that’s a celebration of life in all its wondrous, hilarious and confounding glory. Counting by 7s is a triumph."—Maria Semple, author of Where’d You Go, Bernadette   $9.99 Touch Blue Cynthia Lord An exquisite second novel from the Newbery Honor author of RULES! TOUCH BLUE, sure as certain, will touch your heart. The state of Maine plans to shut down her island's schoolhouse, which would force Tess's family to move to the mainland--and Tess to leave the only home she has ever known. Fortunately, the islanders have a plan too: increase the numbers of students by having several families take in foster children. So now Tess and her family are taking a chance on Aaron, a thirteen-year-old trumpet player who has been bounced from home to home. And Tess needs a plan of her own--and all the luck she can muster. Will Tess's wish come true or will her luck run out? Newbery Honor author Cynthia Lord offers a warm-hearted, humorous, and thoughtful look at what it means to belong--and how lucky we feel when we do. Touch Blue, sure as certain, will touch your heart. $7.99 $6.15 Hound Dog True Linda Urban A story about small acts of courage from the author of A Crooked Kind of Perfect. Do not let a mop sit overnight in water. Fix things before they get too big for fixing. Custodial wisdom: Mattie Breen writes it all down. She has just one week to convince Uncle Potluck to take her on as his custodial apprentice at Mitchell P. Anderson Elementary School. One week until school starts and she has to be the new girl again. But if she can be Uncle Potluck’s apprentice, she’ll have important work to do during lunch and recess. Work that will keep her safely away from the other fifth graders. But when her custodial wisdom goes all wrong, Mattie’s plan comes crashing down. And only then does she begin to see how one small, brave act can lead to a friend who is hound dog true. This ebook includes a sample chapter of THE CENTER OF EVERYTHING. $8.99 $7.55 As Simple as It Seems Sarah Weeks Verbena Colter knows she's bad news. Trouble from the get-go. How could she not be, with parents like hers? Her mother practically pickled her before she was even born, leaving Verbie to struggle with the effects of fetal alcohol syndrome. And her father was just plain mean. Verbie wishes she could be somebody, anybody other than who she is. Enter Pooch, a flatlander boy visiting for the summer. When Pooch and his mom rent the house next door, Verbie takes the opportunity to be someone else entirely. And what starts out as a game leads Verbie into a surprising and heartwarming journey of self-discovery. Another gem from the author of So B. It. $7.99 Top picture books From Eloise to Clifford See more The Three Little Pigs: Usborne First Reading: Level Three Susanna Davidson When mum's house becomes too small, it's time for Pinky, Percy and Poppy Pig to build houses of their own. But will they chose their materials wisely and escape the Big Bad Wolf? Simply written in lively, flowing text Usborne First Reading books are designed to capture the imagination and build the confidence of beginner readers. This book includes audio and links to downloadable worksheets and teacher's notes. "Irresistible for children learning to read. " - Child Education Plus $6.07 The Shy Little Kitten Cathleen Schurr One beautiful day, a shy little kitten embarks on a journey filled with adventure! In the course of her wanderings, she meets an interesting and often amusing collection of fellow creatures. The Shy Little Kitten, with illustrations by the renowned Gustaf Tenggren. $5.99 Peter's Chair Ezra Jack Keats The award-winning, classic stories about Peter and his neighborhood friends from the Caledcott Medal-winning author, Ezra Jack Keats. Peter has a new baby sister. First his father paints Peter’s old cradle pink, then his crib. Then his parents want to paint Peter’s chair! “Let’s run away, Willie,” he says to his dog. And they do. This is a gentle and reassuring story about sibling rivalry. "A more charming or contemporary child than Peter . . . is hard to bring to mind."--School Library Journal $8.99 On the Night You Were Born Nancy Tillman On the night you were born, the moon smiled with such wonder that the stars peeked in to see you and the night wind whispered. "Life will never be the same." On the night you were born, the whole world came alive with thanksgiving. The moon stayed up till morning. The geese flew home to celebrate. Polar bears danced. On the night you were born you brought wonder and magic to the world. Here is a book that celebrates you. It is meant to be carried wherever life takes you, over all the roads, through all the years. This debut picture book by Nancy Tillman has touched the hearts of readers of all ages, from the youngest readers, to new mothers, to grandparents. A New York Times and Publishers Weekly bestselling book, On the Night You Were Born is sure to be a beloved addition to family libraries. $10.99 Good Night, Gorilla Peggy Rathmann Good night, Gorilla. . . Good night, Elephant. . . It's bedtime at the zoo, and all the animals are going to sleep. Or are they? Who's that short, furry guy with the keys in his hand and the mischievous grin? Sneak along behind the zookeeper's back and see who gets the last laugh in this riotous good-night romp.  The new generous trim size of every toddler's favorite book is even easier to share. With a warm, funny author's note highlighting how much this book has meant to kids and families since it was first published and some clever new details hidden in the illustrations, Good Night, Gorilla is the perfect gift for new babies as well as fans young and old. $7.99 Creepy Carrots!: With Audio Recording Aaron Reynolds In this Caldecott Honor–winning picture book, The Twilight Zone comes to the carrot patch as a rabbit fears his favorite treats are out to get him. Includes audio! Jasper Rabbit loves carrots—especially Crackenhopper Field carrots. He eats them on the way to school. He eats them going to Little League. He eats them walking home. Until the day the carrots start following him...or are they? Celebrated artist Peter Brown’s stylish illustrations pair perfectly with Aaron Reynold’s text in this hilarious picture book that shows it’s all fun and games…until you get too greedy. $10.99 The Iron King Julie Kagawa From the limitless imagination of New York Times and USA Today bestselling author Julie Kagawa, enter the world of The Iron Fey. Meghan Chase has a secret destiny—one she could never have imagined… Something has always felt slightly off in Meghan’s life, ever since her father disappeared before her eyes when she was six. She has never quite fit in at school…or at home. When a dark stranger begins watching her from afar and her prankster best friend becomes strangely protective of her, Meghan senses that everything she’s known is about to change. But she could never have guessed the truth. For Meghan is the daughter of a mythical faery king…and a pawn in a deadly war. Now Meghan will learn just how far she’ll go to save someone she cares about, stop a mysterious evil no faery creature dare face…and find love with a young prince who might rather see her dead than let her touch his icy heart. Don’t miss the first book in Julie Kagawa’s highly anticipated new series, SHADOW OF THE FOX, AVAILABLE OCTOBER 2, 2018 “Julie Kagawa is one killer storyteller.” —MTV’s Hollywood Crush blog “The Iron King has the…enchantment, imagination and adventure of… Alice in Wonderland, Narnia and The Lord of the Rings, but with lots more romance.” —Justine magazine “The Iron King is a must read!” —New York Times bestselling author Gena Showalter $7.99 Pete the Cat: Pete's Big Lunch James Dean New York Times bestselling author and artist James Dean brings young readers a lunchtime treat! Pete the Cat makes one giant, tasty sandwich for lunch. But what's the fun in eating lunch without your friends? Pete the Cat fans will enjoy Pete's funny food creativity and Pete's joy in sharing with friends. Pete the Cat: Pete’s Big Lunch is a My First I Can Read book, which means it’s perfect for shared reading with a child. $4.99 All of Baby, Nose to Toes Victoria Adler From eyes to ears, tummy to nose, legs to toes, there's a lot for baby to discover - and even more for a family to love. Bright, buoyant art and a roly-poly little baby are sure to inspire plenty of giggling and grabbing and feet-in-the-air-ing. For every baby - and every parent who loves that baby to bits - here's the perfect first book. $7.99 Happy and Sad, Grouchy and Glad (Sesame Street) Constance Allen A Sesame Street Little Golden Book all about feelings! In this Sesame Street Little Golden Book, Elmo and his friends put on a play all about feelings. Girls and boys ages 2 to 5 will giggle at seeing their favorite Sesame Street Muppets happy and sad, grouchy and glad!   Sesame Street first harnessed the power of media to educate children more than four decades ago, changing children’s television forever. Populated with furry creatures and a diverse cast, it was the first show of its kind and provided a blueprint for educational media for generations. There are more than 90 million Sesame Street “graduates” in the United States alone, and fans old and young can find their favorite fuzzy friends on PBS, HBO, Sesame’s award-winning website and chart-topping YouTube channels, as well as in books, toys, apps, healthy foods, and other products that benefit preschoolers and their families.   Sesame Workshop, the nonprofit educational organization behind Sesame Street, aims to help kids grow smarter, stronger, and kinder through its many unique domestic and international initiatives. These projects cover a wide array of topics, which address specific needs, such as girls’ education, financial empowerment, and autism. In 2019, Sesame Street will celebrate its 50th year of distributing quality educational content to families around the world. Sesame Street is the most trusted name in early learning. $5.99 ©2019 Google Site Terms of Service Privacy Developers Artists About Google | Location: Canada Language: English (United States) By purchasing this item, you are transacting with Google Payments and agreeing to the Google Payments Terms of Service and Privacy Notice.