Columnists | Recent Columnist , Articles & Advice  | Windsor Star	 Skip to navigation Skip to content News All News Local News National Election 2019 World Traffic Business All Business Local Business Energy Technology All Technology Gaming Internet Personal Tech Science Space Tech-Biz FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Hockey All Hockey NHL Detroit Red Wings Toronto Maple Leafs Football All Football NFL Detroit Lions CFL Baseball All Baseball Detroit Tigers Basketball All Basketball NBA NCAA Windsor Express Golf Golf Videos Soccer All Soccer International Soccer MLS Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies All Movies Movie Listings Television All Television TV Listings Music All Music NP Music Books Celebrity Life Milestones All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes All Homes Condos Decorating Gardening Renovating Vacation Homes Food All Food Local Food Reviews Recipes From the Vault Health All Health Diet & Fitness Family & Child Men Women Seniors Sexual Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Travel Obits Classifieds All Classifieds Flyercity Celebrating Browse Listings Place a Classifieds Ad Local Directory Careers Driving All Driving News Reviews Car Comparison Buyer’s Guide Subscription Opinion Columnists |Featured: Zug Island Anne Jarvis | More Open Search Close Search Search Videos Sign In Sign Out Subscribe Guest column: Development versus heritage — Kingsville’s dilemma Guest column: Anesthesiologist shortage could be solved with nurse anesthetists Guest column: Are Canadian water officials using the denial playbook? Henderson: Windsor should understand the frustration of Albertans Guest column: Climate change — does anybody care? Guest column: Posturing and staging should not be part of serious politics Henderson: Dad always remembered poor fellow soldiers who marched off to war WARMINGTON: Don Cherry scolds poppy-less Canadians Jack Todd: Habs ruin HNIC script by having audacity to trounce Toronto Guest column: Writing to a prime minister puts you in crowded field Henderson: Despite electing Trudeau, Windsor-Essex voted strategically Jarvis: Candidates coming out of the woodwork Jarvis: We're no slam dunk for anyone, not any more Local News Jarvis: Great expectations Tens of millions of dollars for flood protection, affordable housing, a new sports centre — there are great expectations for new Liberal MP Irek Kusmierczyk of Windsor-Tecumseh. Election 2019 Jarvis: Pupatello, Kusmierczyk and Ramsey From brownface to personal attacks, racist and homophobic comments and buying votes with camping bursaries and free museum admission, this election was ugly and petty. Columnists Andrew Coyne: Forget the 'positive' approach, now the campaign is down to a few days ... We are down to the real election, in which the voters are urged to cast their ballots, not in favour of either, but strictly in fear of the alternative Family & Child Daphne Bramham: Why isn't the overdose crisis an election issue? Because it's complicated, expensive and ... OPINION: None of the federal leaders has strolled along Vancouver’s Hastings Street near Main at the epicentre of the crisis. None is likely to do so. Columnists Dyer: Russia appears to be pulling strings in Trump's about-face on Syrian Kurds Russia and its Syrian ally Bashar al-Assad win, the Kurds lose, and the United States pull out. It has been a hectic 48 hours on the Turkish-Syrian border. Columnists Henderson: It's time for a change in politics locally The Windsor region is the hermit kingdom of Canadian politics, an isolated pocket of union-driven NDP irrelevance huddling on the American frontier, out of sight and out of mind when big decisions are made. Columnists Guest column: Allowing single sport betting a no-brainer By Jerry Dias and Dave Cassidy It is election time and voters want action, not words. They want commitments that are tangible and relatable, not ideas that will take years to be debated and discussed. Columnists Guest column: Take off rose-coloured glasses for Breast Cancer Awareness Month By Jane McArthur October is Breast Cancer Awareness Month. I see the messages in the media, the pleas for donations, the pledge sheets coming home from my children’s school. Election 2019 Jarvis: In Windsor-Tecumseh, says election website, it's a three-way race A solid NDP riding for 19 years, Windsor-Tecumseh is now a rare, nail-biting three-way race, making it another key contest in the Oct. Columnists Guest column: Ontario appeal is like money down the drain By Lloyd Brown-John My former colleague and former Windsor city councillor, Ron Wagenberg, lived for a period of time near the University of Windsor. Page 1 of 151 Connect With Us Most Popular Now Windsor woman dies in Chatham-Kent crash | Windsor Star Pussycat Dolls’ raunchy ‘nearly naked’ reunion sparks 400 complaints | Windsor Star Man gets house arrest for defrauding employer of almost $1 million | Windsor Star Windsor Weather Forecast - News & Reports | Windsor Star Kid Rock opens up about foul-mouthed Oprah Winfrey rant | Windsor Star Windsor man killed in accident in driveway | Windsor Star Amherstburg Diageo workers ratify 3-year contract | Windsor Star Weather Weather Currently Feels Like We want you to have the most accurate weather report you can. Please enter a valid postal code Traffic This Week's Flyers News All News Local News National World Traffic Business All Business Local Business Energy Technology FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Hockey Football Baseball Basketball Golf Soccer Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies Television Music Books Celebrity Life Milestones All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes Food From the Vault Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Travel 365 Bloor St East, Toronto, ON, M4W3L4, www.postmedia.com © 2019 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Classifieds Obits Careers Browse Classifieds Place a Classified Ad Celebrating Driving FlyerCity Local Directory Legal Privacy – Updated Terms Copyright & Permissions Digital Ad Registry Services Advertise With Us Subscribe My Subscription Edit Profile Contact ePaper Digital Access Contests Partnerships Properties Calgary Herald Canada.com Edmonton Journal London Free Press Montreal Gazette National Post Ottawa Citizen Leader-Post (Regina) The StarPhoenix (Saskatoon) The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun Post to Cancel