Conservative Leader’s Essex campaign visit focuses on accountability | Windsor Star	 Skip to navigation Skip to content News All News Local News National Election 2019 World Traffic Business All Business Local Business Energy Technology All Technology Gaming Internet Personal Tech Science Space Tech-Biz FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Hockey All Hockey NHL Detroit Red Wings Toronto Maple Leafs Football All Football NFL Detroit Lions CFL Baseball All Baseball Detroit Tigers Basketball All Basketball NBA NCAA Windsor Express Golf Golf Videos Soccer All Soccer International Soccer MLS Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies All Movies Movie Listings Television All Television TV Listings Music All Music NP Music Books Celebrity Life Milestones All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes All Homes Condos Decorating Gardening Renovating Vacation Homes Food All Food Local Food Reviews Recipes From the Vault Health All Health Diet & Fitness Family & Child Men Women Seniors Sexual Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Travel Obits Classifieds All Classifieds Flyercity Celebrating Browse Listings Place a Classifieds Ad Local Directory Careers Driving All Driving News Reviews Car Comparison Buyer’s Guide Subscription News National Election 2019 |Featured: Windsor International Film Festival Obesity Life After Death Spitfires Dying for a Drink Exit Wounds Election 2019 100 years of Point Pelee Opioid Crisis Windsor Tech Cannabis Help Wanted Anne Jarvis Windsor-Detroit bridge Woofa-Roo 2019 Reader Letters | More Open Search Close Search Search Videos Sign In Sign Out Subscribe Conservative Leader Scheer's Essex campaign visit focuses on accountability Lindsay Charlton Updated: October 16, 2019 Conservative Leader Andrew Scheer stopped by the concession stand for some popcorn after delivering his message at Essex Centre Sports Complex Wednesday. Nick Brancaccio / Windsor Star Share Adjust Comment Print Conservative Leader Andrew Scheer pushed for accountability, including stiffer penalties for ethics violations, as part of the “100 Day Action Plan” he promoted Wednesday during his first campaign visit to the Windsor-Essex region. “We will establish consequences for violations that do not currently have any,” Scheer told the crowd of around 400 supporters. “We will ensure these penalties are proportional to the severity of the violation and the seniority of the offender.” With four days left before the fast-approaching Oct.21 election day, Scheer walked into the Essex Centre Sports Complex behind local candidates Chris Lewis (Essex), Henry Lau (Windsor West) and Leo Demarce (Windsor-Tecumseh). Standing in front of an ice rink with children and families skating behind him, Scheer said his “100 Day Action Plan” shows Canadians what his first 100 days in office will cover should there be a Conservative majority. Part of the plan is new legislation that would include penalties of up to $20,000 for politicians who violate the Conflict of Interest Act.  Conservative Leader Andrew Scheer helps out a woman by taking a selfie with her phone on his way through a large crowd at Essex Centre Sports Complex Wednesday. Nick Brancaccio / Windsor Star He referenced Liberal Leader Justin Trudeau — whom he called “not as advertised” — who’d been found in breach of the act by the ethics commissioner twice during his first term as Prime Minister. Trudeau first violated the act when he accepted a free family vacation at the Aga Khan’s private Bahamian island and was found to have broken ethics rules again following the SNC-Lavalin Affair. “They have also exposed shortcomings in Canada’s checks and balances on powerful politicians,” Scheer said of his opponent’s violations. “For breaking the Conflict of Interest Act not only once but twice, Justin Trudeau faced absolutely no consequences.” The Tory leader discussed ways he plans to save taxpayers money including scrapping the carbon tax, bringing back a tax credit for transit riders and boosting the Registered Education Savings Plan. Scheer criticized a potential coalition government, calling it something Canadians can’t afford. His visit comes just days after Trudeau returned to Windsor for the second time, when he warned against Conservative cuts and focused on NAFTA. Scheer is the third main party leader to stop in the area, an indication of how close the local races are. Conservative Leader Andrew Scheer is greeted by a large crowd at Essex Centre Sports Complex Wednesday. Nick Brancaccio / Windsor Star Responding to a reporter’s question about the new NAFTA agreement which he had criticized in the past, Scheer said Wednesday that he maintains it was a weakened deal which “leaves Canada worse off than the original.” He said he would stick to it if he were to become Prime Minister. “This was a once in a generation shot at getting improvements to NAFTA, it is what it is, but I will work very hard to — as Conservatives have the in past — deal with these issues in a one-off basis,” he said. Essex Conservative candidate Chris Lewis said Scheer’s visit created “buzz” and “people are ready for a change.” Windsor-Tecumseh’s Leo Demarce is confident about how his party will perform on election day. He called Wednesday’s event a great turnout. “It’s going to be history in the making when we win Windsor-Tecumseh,” he said, noting it’s been 90 years since conservatives held the riding. Related Justin Trudeau warns against Conservative cuts on second election visit to Windsor NDP leader Jagmeet Singh hosts Windsor town hall Conservative Leader Scheer's 1st area campaign visit will be a free skate in Essex Henry Lau, Tory candidate for Windsor West, said the visit shows Scheer is paying attention to the ridings in the region and “showing great support from our party.” After speaking with reporters and making his announcement to the crowd Scheer stopped to shake hands and take photos with supporters. Scheer was in Ontario after wrapping up his Quebec campaign. His next stop was in the Hamilton suburb of Ancaster. Canadians head to the polls to cast their votes on Monday. lcharlton@postmedia.com Conservative Leader Andrew Scheer is greeted by a large crowd at Essex Sports Complex Wednesday. Nick Brancaccio / Windsor Star Potential end to GM strike in US is good news for... City interested in taking over Windsor Stadium, mayor says This Week's Flyers Comments Postmedia is pleased to bring you a new commenting experience. We are committed to maintaining a lively but civil forum for discussion and encourage all readers to share their views on our articles. Comments may take up to an hour for moderation before appearing on the site. We ask you to keep your comments relevant and respectful. Visit our Community Guidelines for more information. Sign in to Comment Connect With Us Latest Local News Local News Ontario auditor general to assess PC climate change plan Local News Vigil walk and red ribbons mark World AIDS Day in Windsor Local News Amherstburg Diageo workers ratify 3-year contract Local News Windsor's Santa Claus parade lights up downtown 10/3 Podcast 10/podcast: A 'war zone of feces' in Toronto 10/3 podcast: How El Chapo's Canadian drug smuggling connections were uncovered 10/3 podcast: Beyond Jordan Peterson — the state of free speech on campuses 10/3 podcast: Why legal weed companies are taking major losses Close Daily Headline News Thank you for subscribing to Postmedia's Newsletter. Email By clicking "Submit", I consent to receiving the above communication from Postmedia Network Inc. I understand that I may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. Submit Weather Weather Currently Feels Like We want you to have the most accurate weather report you can. Please enter a valid postal code Traffic Election 2019 Election 2019 Was the federal election a case of the right product but the wrong packaging for ... Election 2019 'This isn’t just anger': Seven prominent voices assess the post-election mood out West Election 2019 Andrew Coyne: Sorry Albertchewan, cabinet ministers are supposed to be elected, not selected Election 2019 Chris Selley: Rethinking the shameless election, and how it was covered — damp squib and ... Share this story Conservative Leader Scheer's Essex campaign visit focuses on accountability Facebook Twitter Reddit Email Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn News All News Local News National World Traffic Business All Business Local Business Energy Technology FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Hockey Football Baseball Basketball Golf Soccer Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies Television Music Books Celebrity Life Milestones All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes Food From the Vault Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Travel 365 Bloor St East, Toronto, ON, M4W3L4, www.postmedia.com © 2019 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Classifieds Obits Careers Browse Classifieds Place a Classified Ad Celebrating Driving FlyerCity Local Directory Legal Privacy – Updated Terms Copyright & Permissions Digital Ad Registry Services Advertise With Us Subscribe My Subscription Edit Profile Contact ePaper Digital Access Contests Partnerships Properties Calgary Herald Canada.com Edmonton Journal London Free Press Montreal Gazette National Post Ottawa Citizen Leader-Post (Regina) The StarPhoenix (Saskatoon) The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun