Countrywide Soul tour by Jim Cuddy announced | Windsor Star	 Skip to navigation Skip to content News All News Local News National Election 2019 World Traffic Business All Business Local Business Energy Technology All Technology Gaming Internet Personal Tech Science Space Tech-Biz FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Hockey All Hockey NHL Detroit Red Wings Toronto Maple Leafs Football All Football NFL Detroit Lions CFL Baseball All Baseball Detroit Tigers Basketball All Basketball NBA NCAA Windsor Express Golf Golf Videos Soccer All Soccer International Soccer MLS Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies All Movies Movie Listings Television All Television TV Listings Music All Music NP Music Books Celebrity Life Milestones All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes All Homes Condos Decorating Gardening Renovating Vacation Homes Food All Food Local Food Reviews Recipes From the Vault Health All Health Diet & Fitness Family & Child Men Women Seniors Sexual Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Travel Obits Classifieds All Classifieds Flyercity Celebrating Browse Listings Place a Classifieds Ad Local Directory Careers Driving All Driving News Reviews Car Comparison Buyer’s Guide Subscription Arts Music NP Music |Featured: Windsor International Film Festival Dalson Chen Concerts & Events Live & Local Latest Movie News | More Open Search Close Search Search Videos Sign In Sign Out Subscribe Jim Cuddy taps into his Countrywide Soul on new solo album Tapping into his love of country music, Blue Rodeo singer Jim Cuddy kicks off new solo tour. Stuart Derdeyn Updated: November 27, 2019 Share Adjust Comment Print The Jim Cuddy Band – Countrywide Soul Tour When: Jan. 3, 8 p.m. Where: Commodore Ballroom Tickets and info: From $72 at ticketmaster.com It’s no secret that Jim Cuddy can croon. As the sweet-voiced side of Blue Rodeo, his signature vocals are stamped on Canadian classics from Try to Five Days in May. On his fifth studio outing, Countrywide Soul, Cuddy revisits earlier solo and Blue Rodeo work, as well as new original material. The title track originally appeared on 2006s The Light That Guides You Home. On the new album, the tune is reworked in a live-off-the-floor session recorded in Cuddy’s barn. It turns into a honky-tonk two-step that swings like mad, courtesy of Anne Lindsay’s fiddle. On the phone during a break in pre-tour rehearsals, Cuddy says that his solo work was alway intended to be an alternative to Blue Rodeo, right down to revisiting older material. “I don’t have a burning desire to do things drastically different, but if the opportunity presents itself, I like to try it,” said Cuddy. “Half the band is Blue Rodeo anyways, so it’s working out in pretty familiar space. But now that Blue Rodeo has put a cap on how many gigs we do each year, it’s not quite enough for me to keep my voice in shape.” Jim Cuddy brings his Countrywide Soul sound to the Commodore Jan. 3 Gerry Kahrmann / PNG The 63 year-old musician say that the sweet spot seems to be when he is singing four nights a week and he aims for that as much as possible. When most singers might start showing signs of wear and tear, after four-plus decades Cuddy’s pipes still pack a punch. And the fact that the Jim Cuddy Band favours the country side of his sound is just practical. “It’s no secret that I like singing country music, and it’s just a great general workout for my voice,” he said. “I did a jazz gig at the Kensington Jazz Festival this year to try out other songs, a few standards, that work your voice out in different ways with the breathing and more sliding of blue notes. That’s just as good for you, in general, to try to keep trying new things to keep it flexible.” Backed by the Jim Cuddy Band, which features Blue Rodeo’s Bazil Donovan (bass) and Colin Cripps (guitar), as well as drummer Joel Anderson, keyboardist Steve O’Connor and violinist Lindsay, Cuddy sounds like he’s having a blast. The remake of the title track from his 1998 solo debut All In Time is a perfect example of Countrywide Soul’s appeal. All In Time opens the new album with a slower tempo and a slow groove build reminiscent of the airy, romantic moments of Five Days In July. Backing mandolins and acoustic guitar ride over the constant, sparse shuffle beat while an organ rounds out the background. It’s deliciously unforced and sets the tone for the rest of the record. The singer says that recording on his small farm proved the perfect place to get into the groove. “I knew I wanted to make a record, but I also knew that I wanted to recreate the band,” he said. “So we’d go play in the upper level of the barn, which was a perfect place to play, until around seven at night and then all gather around for a picnic, go swimming, what have you. We did the whole thing like that in just four days, mind you, I had done a great deal of work on it in advance.” Cuddy spent a great deal of time picking through older material to determine what would suit the album, writing some new songs and coming up with the eventual track list for Countrywide Soul. For the two covers on the dozen tune record, he chose songs he loved. Jim Cuddy throws out the first pitch before the start of a Toronto Blue Jays game in 2018. Tom Szczerbowski / PNG Writer Glenn Sutton’s 1966 song Almost Persuaded was a megahit for David Houston that spent almost three months in the top spot on the Billboard Hot Country charts. The tune has been revisited by everyone from George Jones and Merle Haggard, to a beloved Icelandic language version by the Nordic nation’s Ragnar Bjarnasson and is a de facto classic. The second cover on Countrywide Soul is Larry Weiss’s legendary 1975 tune Rhinestone Cowboy. Cuddy doesn’t mess with the familiar Glen Campbell arrangement, preferring to just deliver the song with his voice and “let a perfect song be.” For the material from his back catalogue, a number of factors were considered. “Sometimes, like with All In Time, the changes were big ones, and other times, you just go on and celebrate the song and change very little,” he said. “In the case of the Blue Rodeo songs such as Clearer View (from 2002s Palace of Gold), it never sat well with me because I felt it was unfinished and needed a third verse, and Dragging On (from 1997s Tremolo) was intended to be a conversation between two people and that wasn’t going to be Greg (Keelor) and I thought it would be better with a female vocal.” Ultimately, Cuddy feels that Countrywide Soul came out how he wanted. He’s really looking forward to taking the Jim Cuddy Band back on the road and playing the new record live. Owing to the nature of the live-off-the-floor recording sessions, he thinks the band is going to discover new things about the songs in concert, and then probably play around with them some. “The record is supposed to be a testament to just how good those musicians involved in the project are,” he said. “I think if there are downsides to aging, the upside is that you play with people that are so experienced and good at what they do that it’s easy. I’m just nodding at people, everyone knows when to step up or back for solos and that’s how they play, night in and night out.” The Jim Cuddy Band is on tour across Canada through January 2020. Visit jimcuddy.com for info. sderdeyn@postmedia.com twitter.com/stuartderdeyn All-local music project offers 10 songs for Windsor's 10 wards This Week's Flyers Comments Postmedia is pleased to bring you a new commenting experience. We are committed to maintaining a lively but civil forum for discussion and encourage all readers to share their views on our articles. Comments may take up to an hour for moderation before appearing on the site. We ask you to keep your comments relevant and respectful. Visit our Community Guidelines for more information. Sign in to Comment Connect With Us Close Daily Headline News Thank you for subscribing to Postmedia's Newsletter. Email By clicking "Submit", I consent to receiving the above communication from Postmedia Network Inc. I understand that I may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. Submit TV Listings What's On Tonight for Find your full TV Listings here! Weather Weather Currently Feels Like We want you to have the most accurate weather report you can. Please enter a valid postal code Traffic Don't Miss Arts Alanis Morissette reveals 'Jagged Little Pill' 25th anniversary tour dates Pussycat Dolls' raunchy 'nearly naked' TV reunion sparks 400 complaints Charlie Sheen auctioning off 'Major League,' 'Platoon' movie props Bill Cosby rails against mainstream media in Thanksgiving Twitter rant Pete Davidson makes fans sign $1M NDA at his comedy shows: Report Share this story Jim Cuddy taps into his Countrywide Soul on new solo album Facebook Twitter Reddit Email Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn News All News Local News National World Traffic Business All Business Local Business Energy Technology FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Hockey Football Baseball Basketball Golf Soccer Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies Television Music Books Celebrity Life Milestones All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes Food From the Vault Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Travel 365 Bloor St East, Toronto, ON, M4W3L4, www.postmedia.com © 2019 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Classifieds Obits Careers Browse Classifieds Place a Classified Ad Celebrating Driving FlyerCity Local Directory Legal Privacy – Updated Terms Copyright & Permissions Digital Ad Registry Services Advertise With Us Subscribe My Subscription Edit Profile Contact ePaper Digital Access Contests Partnerships Properties Calgary Herald Canada.com Edmonton Journal London Free Press Montreal Gazette National Post Ottawa Citizen Leader-Post (Regina) The StarPhoenix (Saskatoon) The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun