CP Holiday Train arrives in Windsor, $7K for local food banks | Windsor Star	 Skip to navigation Skip to content News All News Local News National Election 2019 World Traffic Business All Business Local Business Energy Technology All Technology Gaming Internet Personal Tech Science Space Tech-Biz FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Hockey All Hockey NHL Detroit Red Wings Toronto Maple Leafs Football All Football NFL Detroit Lions CFL Baseball All Baseball Detroit Tigers Basketball All Basketball NBA NCAA Windsor Express Golf Golf Videos Soccer All Soccer International Soccer MLS Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies All Movies Movie Listings Television All Television TV Listings Music All Music NP Music Books Celebrity Life Milestones All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes All Homes Condos Decorating Gardening Renovating Vacation Homes Food All Food Local Food Reviews Recipes From the Vault Health All Health Diet & Fitness Family & Child Men Women Seniors Sexual Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Travel Obits Classifieds All Classifieds Flyercity Celebrating Browse Listings Place a Classifieds Ad Local Directory Careers Driving All Driving News Reviews Car Comparison Buyer’s Guide Subscription News Local News |Featured: Windsor International Film Festival Obesity Life After Death Spitfires Dying for a Drink Exit Wounds Election 2019 100 years of Point Pelee Opioid Crisis Windsor Tech Cannabis Help Wanted Anne Jarvis Windsor-Detroit bridge Woofa-Roo 2019 Reader Letters | More Open Search Close Search Search Videos Sign In Sign Out Subscribe CP Holiday Train arrives in Windsor, $7K for local food banks Sharon Hill, Windsor Star Updated: December 1, 2019 Starr Harrington, left, Jason Berlasty holding his daughter Randi Berlasty, 4, check out the CP Holiday Train on a chilly evening near Janette Avenue Saturday. Canadian Pacific Railway uses two trains to complete the coast-to-coast Holiday Train journey. Nick Brancaccio / Windsor Star Share Adjust Comment Print The annual stop by the CP Holiday Train was a crowd pleaser Saturday night. “It’s awesome. It was worth the trip,” said Allie Piippo who came from Ypsilanti, Mich. to see the Holiday Train in Windsor. Allie and Dan Piippo said they took about 45 selfies with the decorated train in the background. The Holiday Train is adorned with hundreds of thousands of LED lights. “It’s a good way to start off Christmas,” said Dan Piippo. “All the lights are fantastic.” CP presented a cheque for $7,000 to local food banks and volunteers were also collecting canned goods at the Janette Avenue rail yard. Each stop helps local food banks. The Holiday Train has raised more than $15.8 million and collected 4.5 million pounds of food since it made its first holiday trip in 1999. There are actually two trains, a U.S. and a Canadian one making stops with live musical entertainment. Chatham and then Windsor got a visit from the U.S. train Saturday featuring Alan Doyle and Beautiful Band. Hundreds watch as the CP Holiday Train arrives in Windsor near Janette Avenue railway yard Saturday. About 30 minute later, Santa Claus stepped from the train giving out candy canes to children. Canadian Pacific Railway uses two trains to complete the coast-to-coast Holiday Train journey. Nick Brancaccio / Windsor Star Doyle, who is best known as the lead singer of Great Big Sea, said Windsor was his last stop on the CP Holiday Train that had been in southern Ontario. Meghan Patrick, Tanika Charles and Kelly Prescott will join the tour in Chicago and finish the U.S. train’s journey back to Canada with a final show in Alberta. One of the boxcars opens to reveal a stage and the band plays holiday tunes. Doyle started by getting the crowd to join him in Jingle Bells before a Bruce Springsteen-like version of Santa Claus is Coming to Town. Santa Claus makes his appearance from the CP Holiday Train near 1200 block of Janette Avenue Saturday evening. Hundreds watched as the colourful train rolled into Windsor. Nick Brancaccio / Windsor Star It was the first time seeing the CP Holiday Train for Leslie Glenn and her children of Windsor. “I think it’s pretty cool they put this on,” Glenn said. Her daughter Kendal was hoping to see Santa even though she figured he usually travels by sleigh. “Maybe he came to say hello,” she said. Related CP Holiday Train rolls into Windsor Nov. 30 Windsor Star: Local New features of Bright Lights Windsor 2019 will excite visitors, mayor promises CP makes a donation at each stop and the money and food donated by people who come to the free event stays in the community. Organizers were encouraging donation of healthier foods to food banks such as products with low sodium, canned fruit and vegetables, tomato juice, applesauce, whole grain bread, brown rice, milk products and dried or canned beans and lentils. It’s not unusual for the Holiday Train to get a few thousand people for the half hour stop. The train doesn’t take passengers. Last day on the @CPHolidayTrain . Massive thanks to the greatest elf band ever assembled @kendelcarson @krismacdrum @MurrayFoster1 @ChrisFnKirby @corytetford pic.twitter.com/AaJIa6Xu29— Alan Doyle (@alanthomasdoyle) November 30, 2019 @CPHolidayTrain received a massive welcome from @CityofLdnOnt last night! Thank you to the record crowd who came out to support the @LondonFoodBank1 and listen to the east coast music of @alanthomasdoyle . 🎸🎤🎶🚂⛄️ pic.twitter.com/UfV383CWJR— CP Holiday Train (@CPHolidayTrain) November 30, 2019 shill@postmedia.com Windsor's Santa Claus parade lights up downtown Windsor woman dies in Chatham-Kent crash This Week's Flyers Comments Postmedia is pleased to bring you a new commenting experience. We are committed to maintaining a lively but civil forum for discussion and encourage all readers to share their views on our articles. Comments may take up to an hour for moderation before appearing on the site. We ask you to keep your comments relevant and respectful. Visit our Community Guidelines for more information. Sign in to Comment Connect With Us Weather Weather Currently Feels Like We want you to have the most accurate weather report you can. Please enter a valid postal code Latest National News World Fishmongers Hall exec details how employee and patrons fought knife-wielding London terrorist World 'Sweating all over me': BBC to air interview with Virginia Giuffre, who says she was ... World Ex-FBI lawyer Lisa Page says Trump's 'demeaning fake orgasm' was the last straw Close Daily Headline News Thank you for subscribing to Postmedia's Newsletter. Email By clicking "Submit", I consent to receiving the above communication from Postmedia Network Inc. I understand that I may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. Submit Most Read Kid Rock opens up about foul-mouthed Oprah Winfrey rant | Windsor Star Pussycat Dolls’ raunchy ‘nearly naked’ reunion sparks 400 complaints | Windsor Star Windsor woman dies in Chatham-Kent crash | Windsor Star Man gets house arrest for defrauding employer of almost $1 million | Windsor Star Traffic Share this story CP Holiday Train arrives in Windsor, $7K for local food banks Facebook Twitter Reddit Email Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn News All News Local News National World Traffic Business All Business Local Business Energy Technology FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Hockey Football Baseball Basketball Golf Soccer Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies Television Music Books Celebrity Life Milestones All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes Food From the Vault Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Travel 365 Bloor St East, Toronto, ON, M4W3L4, www.postmedia.com © 2019 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Classifieds Obits Careers Browse Classifieds Place a Classified Ad Celebrating Driving FlyerCity Local Directory Legal Privacy – Updated Terms Copyright & Permissions Digital Ad Registry Services Advertise With Us Subscribe My Subscription Edit Profile Contact ePaper Digital Access Contests Partnerships Properties Calgary Herald Canada.com Edmonton Journal London Free Press Montreal Gazette National Post Ottawa Citizen Leader-Post (Regina) The StarPhoenix (Saskatoon) The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun