Daily horoscope for Monday, December 2, 2019 | Windsor Star	 Skip to navigation Skip to content News All News Local News National Election 2019 World Traffic Business All Business Local Business Energy Technology All Technology Gaming Internet Personal Tech Science Space Tech-Biz FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Hockey All Hockey NHL Detroit Red Wings Toronto Maple Leafs Football All Football NFL Detroit Lions CFL Baseball All Baseball Detroit Tigers Basketball All Basketball NBA NCAA Windsor Express Golf Golf Videos Soccer All Soccer International Soccer MLS Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies All Movies Movie Listings Television All Television TV Listings Music All Music NP Music Books Celebrity Life Milestones All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes All Homes Condos Decorating Gardening Renovating Vacation Homes Food All Food Local Food Reviews Recipes From the Vault Health All Health Diet & Fitness Family & Child Men Women Seniors Sexual Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Travel Obits Classifieds All Classifieds Flyercity Celebrating Browse Listings Place a Classifieds Ad Local Directory Careers Driving All Driving News Reviews Car Comparison Buyer’s Guide Subscription |Featured: Windsor International Film Festival Obesity Life After Death Spitfires Dying for a Drink Exit Wounds Election 2019 100 years of Point Pelee Opioid Crisis Windsor Tech Cannabis Help Wanted Anne Jarvis Windsor-Detroit bridge Woofa-Roo 2019 Reader Letters | More Open Search Close Search Search Videos Sign In Sign Out Subscribe Daily horoscope for Monday, December 2, 2019 Caution: After 7 AM EST today (4 AM PST), avoid shopping or making important decisions. The Moon is in Aquarius Georgia Nicols Updated: December 2, 2019 Share Adjust Comment Print Moon Alert Caution: After 7 AM EST today (4 AM PST), avoid shopping or making important decisions. The Moon is in Aquarius. Aries (March 21-April 19) Holy Robin! There is a Moon Alert all day, which will promote creative, fun activity. However, this is a poor time to spend money on anything other than food, gas and entertainment. It’s also a poor time to agree to anything important. Forewarned is forearmed. Taurus (April 20-May 20) Do be careful because many of you are focused on financial matters, especially related to debt and shared property. Therefore, it’s important to know that today is a poor day to spend money on anything other than food, gas and entertainment. Be smart. Gemini (May 21-June 20) This is a loosey-goosey day. (It’s a good day to play hooky.) Don’t volunteer for anything and restrict your spending to food, gas and entertainment. Nevertheless, you will love exploring new ideas and seeing new places with a fresh, new eye. (Or two.) Cancer (June 21-July 22) Keep plugging away at business as usual; however, because today is a Moon Alert, avoid important decisions. Don’t volunteer for anything. Just coast. Restrict your spending to food, gas and entertainment and you’ll be just fine. Leo (July 23-Aug. 22) You are in touch with your creative vibes today, which is why this is a great day for those in the entertainment world, show business or the hospitality industry. If you teach or act, you will be in the zone. But don’t shop. (Just buy food and gas.) Virgo (Aug. 23-Sept. 22) Home and family continue to be your focus. You are also very direct in your communications with others today. However, because there is a Moon Alert all day, postpone important decisions until tomorrow. Restrict your spending to food, gas and entertainment. Libra (Sept. 23-Oct. 22) You are coping with a busy schedule right now but the operative word is coping. Today is a Moon Alert; however, for your sign, you can use this in a wonderful way if you’re involved in creative projects because you will be full of original ideas because you can think outside of the box! Scorpio (Oct. 23-Nov. 21) Be careful today. Both Mercury and Mars are in your sign making you aggressive and eager to communicate. Admittedly, the placement of the Moon makes you want to cocoon at home. In any event, restrict your spending to food, gas and entertainment because of the Moon Alert. (See above.) Sagittarius (Nov. 22-Dec. 21) You are flying by the seat of your pants today and going with your hunches. In some ways, this is not so bad. However, do not make important decisions; but do trust your creative vibes. Meanwhile, because of the Moon Alert all day, don’t shop. (Spend only on gas, food and entertainment.) Capricorn (Dec. 22-Jan. 19) Tomorrow is a marvellous day for you to buy wardrobe treasures; but not today. Today you should restrict your spending to food, gas and entertainment because for most of this day, there is a Moon Alert. Be patient with friends and groups. Stay chill. Aquarius (Jan. 20-Feb. 18) Today is a crapshoot because the Moon is in your sign, and yet, it is a Moon Alert. Small wonder that you feel more emotional than usual. You might also feel indecisive, which would be par for the course. But it can be a creative day for you! Pisces (Feb. 19-March 20) Even though you are high viz. (because the Sun is high in your chart) nevertheless, the Moon is hiding in your chart today. Therefore, you might feel like you’re pulled in two directions: one is to be high viz. and the other is to hide. If Your Birthday Is Today Actress Lucy Liu (1968) shares your birthday today. You are imaginative, honest and loyal. You are also loyal, intelligent and forgiving when necessary. People admire your candour. This is your time of harvest! Yay! Now you will begin to reap the benefits of your efforts in the last decade. You deserve this time of success. Expect to enjoy an increased influence and leadership in your relationships. Yes! This Week's Milestones This Week's Flyers Comments Postmedia is pleased to bring you a new commenting experience. We are committed to maintaining a lively but civil forum for discussion and encourage all readers to share their views on our articles. Comments may take up to an hour for moderation before appearing on the site. We ask you to keep your comments relevant and respectful. Visit our Community Guidelines for more information. Sign in to Comment Connect With Us Most Popular Now Windsor woman dies in Chatham-Kent crash | Windsor Star Kid Rock opens up about foul-mouthed Oprah Winfrey rant | Windsor Star Reader letter: Most people are doing nothing about climate change | Windsor Star Pussycat Dolls’ raunchy ‘nearly naked’ reunion sparks 400 complaints | Windsor Star Windsor makes appearance (kind of) in The Irishman | Windsor Star Guest column: Anesthesiologist shortage could be solved with nurse anesthetists | Windsor Star Windsor Weather Forecast - News & Reports | Windsor Star Share this story Daily horoscope for Monday, December 2, 2019 Facebook Twitter Reddit Email Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn News All News Local News National World Traffic Business All Business Local Business Energy Technology FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Hockey Football Baseball Basketball Golf Soccer Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies Television Music Books Celebrity Life Milestones All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes Food From the Vault Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Travel 365 Bloor St East, Toronto, ON, M4W3L4, www.postmedia.com © 2019 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Classifieds Obits Careers Browse Classifieds Place a Classified Ad Celebrating Driving FlyerCity Local Directory Legal Privacy – Updated Terms Copyright & Permissions Digital Ad Registry Services Advertise With Us Subscribe My Subscription Edit Profile Contact ePaper Digital Access Contests Partnerships Properties Calgary Herald Canada.com Edmonton Journal London Free Press Montreal Gazette National Post Ottawa Citizen Leader-Post (Regina) The StarPhoenix (Saskatoon) The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun