Denis Shapovalov loses to Novak Djokovic in Paris Masters final | Windsor Star	 Skip to navigation Skip to content News All News Local News National Election 2019 World Traffic Business All Business Local Business Energy Technology All Technology Gaming Internet Personal Tech Science Space Tech-Biz FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Hockey All Hockey NHL Detroit Red Wings Toronto Maple Leafs Football All Football NFL Detroit Lions CFL Baseball All Baseball Detroit Tigers Basketball All Basketball NBA NCAA Windsor Express Golf Golf Videos Soccer All Soccer International Soccer MLS Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies All Movies Movie Listings Television All Television TV Listings Music All Music NP Music Books Celebrity Life Milestones All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes All Homes Condos Decorating Gardening Renovating Vacation Homes Food All Food Local Food Reviews Recipes From the Vault Health All Health Diet & Fitness Family & Child Men Women Seniors Sexual Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Travel Obits Classifieds All Classifieds Flyercity Celebrating Browse Listings Place a Classifieds Ad Local Directory Careers Driving All Driving News Reviews Car Comparison Buyer’s Guide Subscription Sports Tennis |Featured: Library Strike Fit Tips Kelly Steele Windsor In Pictures | More Open Search Close Search Search Videos Sign In Sign Out Subscribe Denis Shapovalov loses to Novak Djokovic in Paris Masters final Reuters Updated: November 3, 2019 Share Adjust Comment Print Novak Djokovic beat Canada’s Denis Shapovalov 6-3, 6-4 to win the Rolex Paris Masters on Sunday and set himself up for a shot at finishing the year with the No. 1 ranking. The top-seeded Serb improved to 4-0 against Shapovalov as he earned his record fifth Paris Masters title and 34th ATP Masters 1000 title overall. Heading into the Nitto ATP Finals, which run Nov. 10-17, Djokovic trails current No. 1 Rafael Nadal by just 640 points. Nadal, seeded second in Paris, withdrew prior to his semifinal match against Shapovalov due to an abdominal injury he sustained during warmups but said he plans to be ready for next week’s finals. With 35 career ATP Masters 1000 titles, Nadal is just one ahead of Djokovic on the all-time rankings. Djokovic continued his mastery of Shapovalov — all four wins have come in 2019 — with a dominating serve in Sunday’s final. He quickly went up 3-0 in the first set as Shapovalov struggled on his own serve. “It was my best serving performance of the tournament,” said Djokovic, who was never even pushed to deuce in the first set. “Denis maybe lost his focus a bit.” Djokovic broke the Canadian in the seventh game of the second set and won it on a love hold in the final game to seal it. “It was tough for me to find a groove just because he was really, really picking his spots on the serve,” said Shapovalov. “Big credit to him. He played an amazing match and had a great week. I wish him the best of luck for London.” The 32-year-old Serb is now tied with Dominic Thiem with his fifth title of the year and with John McEnroe on the all-time list with 77 Tour-level titles. Djokovic captured his first title in this tournament 10 years ago and won three straight from 2013-15. His lone finals misstep was last year’s meeting with Russian Karen Khachanov. — Field Level Media Andreescu first Canuck to win Rogers Cup since Windsor's Faye Urban This Week's Flyers Comments Postmedia is pleased to bring you a new commenting experience. We are committed to maintaining a lively but civil forum for discussion and encourage all readers to share their views on our articles. Comments may take up to an hour for moderation before appearing on the site. We ask you to keep your comments relevant and respectful. Visit our Community Guidelines for more information. Sign in to Comment Connect With Us Latest Sports Video Toronto Maple Leafs Jack Todd: Habs ruin HNIC script by having audacity to trounce Toronto Diet & Fitness Watch: Sleep is forgotten key to better athletic performance Baseball Washington Nationals to wear Montreal Expos jerseys for throwback night Family & Child Canadiens' Max Domi provides support for young diabetics Share this story Denis Shapovalov loses to Novak Djokovic in Paris Masters final Facebook Twitter Reddit Email Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn News All News Local News National World Traffic Business All Business Local Business Energy Technology FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Hockey Football Baseball Basketball Golf Soccer Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies Television Music Books Celebrity Life Milestones All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes Food From the Vault Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Travel 365 Bloor St East, Toronto, ON, M4W3L4, www.postmedia.com © 2019 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Classifieds Obits Careers Browse Classifieds Place a Classified Ad Celebrating Driving FlyerCity Local Directory Legal Privacy – Updated Terms Copyright & Permissions Digital Ad Registry Services Advertise With Us Subscribe My Subscription Edit Profile Contact ePaper Digital Access Contests Partnerships Properties Calgary Herald Canada.com Edmonton Journal London Free Press Montreal Gazette National Post Ottawa Citizen Leader-Post (Regina) The StarPhoenix (Saskatoon) The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun