Disgraced Prince Andrew retains Canadian military roles | National Post		 Sign In Subscribe Search NationalPost.com ... News All News National World Toronto Politics Full Comment Sports All Sports NHL All NHL Vancouver Canucks Calgary Flames Edmonton Oilers Winnipeg Jets Toronto Maple Leafs Ottawa Senators Montreal Canadiens Baseball Basketball NBA NCAA Football CFL NFL Soccer Golf Golf Videos Tennis Culture All Culture Books Celebrity Movies Music Theatre Television Life All Life Health Homes Eating & Drinking Style Travel Life By Design Parenting Holiday Gift Guides More Horoscopes Jobs Classifieds Obituaries Flyercity Local Directory Driving Subscribe Financial Post Video Disgraced Prince Andrew retains Canadian military roles The title of Colonel-in-Chief isn’t merely symbolic. It can’t be wiped off a web page and forgotten. In fact, it’s not clear the Canadian government could rescind Prince Andrew’s appointments at all Britain's Princess Beatrice, centre background, and her father Prince Andrew, right, share a joke with Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau during a reception for the Queen's Dinner, part of the Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting (CHOGM) at Buckingham Palace in London, Thursday, April 19, 2018. Matt Dunham / AP Richard Warnica December 1, 2019 8:46 PM EST Last Updated December 2, 2019 2:57 PM EST Filed under News Comment Facebook Twitter Reddit Email More Share this story Disgraced Prince Andrew retains Canadian military roles Tumblr Pinterest Google+ LinkedIn Prince Andrew, the much-disgraced Duke of York, stepped away from public life late last month in the aftermath of a disastrous interview on the BBC. In the weeks since, organizations around the world, including the prince’s old Canadian private school, have raced to cut ties with the bungling royal. His own mother reportedly cancelled his 60th birthday party. But the Queen’s middle son hasn’t yet lost all his official appointments. Despite his close ties to a notorious sex criminal and his own ham-fisted PR efforts, Prince Andrew remains the titular head of three Canadian military regiments, the Department of National Defence (DND) confirms. “As is the custom, the Duke of York holds the honorary title of Colonel-in-Chief of The Princess Louise Fusiliers, The Royal Highland Fusiliers of Canada and the Queen’s York Rangers,” Jessica Lamirande, a DND spokeswoman, wrote in an email. It took a full week of questions from the National Post for the DND to confirm even that much about the scandal-plagued prince. The department refused to answer any follow up questions on the record. Todd Lane, Defence Minister Harjit Sajjan’s press secretary, meanwhile, said the minister wouldn’t comment at all beyond the department’s statement. A government source, however, speaking on background, said Prince Andrew’s announcement that he was stepping away from public duties put the Canadian military into an unprecedented and somewhat baffling situation. No one within the department knew at first what it meant for Prince Andrew’s role within the Canadian Armed Forces. His statement, broad and vague, did not address his military roles, in Great Britain and across the Commonwealth, at all. Prince Andrew, the Duke of York, presents The Duke Edinburgh’s Gold Award to recipients during a ceremony at the Government House Saturday May 18, 2013 in Victoria. Chad Hipolito / THE CANADIAN PRESS “This has never happened before,” the source said. A statement Sunday from a royal spokesperson did little to clarify the situation: “The Duke of York has stepped back for the time being and will not be undertaking any public duties on behalf of his Patronages or associations.” The title of Colonel-in-Chief isn’t merely symbolic. It can’t be wiped off a web page and forgotten. In fact, it’s not clear the Canadian government could rescind Prince Andrew’s appointments at all, even if it wanted to. “The position of Colonel-in Chief is a symbol of a direct relationship between the Sovereign and the members of that regiment,” said Richard Berthelsen, an expert on the Crown and Canada. “It’s not like a patronage. It has a much deeper meaning. It is something that is official and is recognized in the Canadian Forces as having significant importance to history and heritage of that unit.” Commonwealth regiments can only be granted a royal colonel-in-chief by the Queen herself. Most appointed serve in that capacity until they die. The Queen Mother was Colonel-in-Chief of the Toronto Scottish Regiment for 64 years, until her death in 2002. On rare occasions, elderly royals have asked to be relieved of their appointments as part of a larger retirement from public life. Diana, the late Princess of Wales, voluntarily gave up all of her military appointments when she left the Royal Family. But Garry Toffoli, the executive director of the Canadian Royal Heritage Trust, doesn’t think anyone has been forcibly stripped of such an appointment since the outbreak of the First World War when foreign royals, including Kaiser Wilhelm II, had their British military titles revoked. The Shadow King: Royal conspiracy theory that the Queen will hand reins to Charles is plausible, but unlikely Queen Elizabeth cancels Prince Andrews' 60th birthday party in wake of Epstein scandal Prince Andrew's honourary role with his old Canadian private school is ending. When? 'Now' The Canadian government source said the department does not expect Prince Andrew to carry out any of his ceremonial duties in Canada while he remains in the royal penalty box. (During the past 20 years, he has presided over more than a dozen events linked to his positions as colonel-in-chief.) Should the Canadian military decide at some point that it wants to formally end its relationship with the prince, Toffoli believes the process would likely take place through back channels, from the Prime Minister to the Governor General or directly to the Queen itself. “It’s never happened that I’m aware of,” he said. But “there’s nothing stopping a prime minister from a making a recommendation, a very strong recommendation, I suppose.” Even then, Toffoli believes it highly unlikely that Prince Andrew would be stripped of his titles. “Somebody would approach Andrew and ask him to voluntarily give up the appointment,” he said. “I don’t know that we’re at that state at this point,” he added. “We never get to that point.” Listen to our true crime podcast on Apple Podcasts or Spotify Comments Join the conversation → Election 2019 WatchWas the federal election a case of the right product but the wrong packaging for Conservatives? WatchConrad Black: Trudeau's hollow victory leaves the real issues facing this country unresolved Rex Murphy: This mess of an election has definitely changed the climate in the West Watch'This isn’t just anger': Seven prominent voices assess the post-election mood out West Share your feedback We want to improve your reading experience Take our 60-second survey Close Daily Headline News Thank you for subscribing to Postmedia's Newsletter. Email By clicking "Submit", I consent to receiving the above communication from Postmedia Network Inc. I understand that I may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. Submit Latest News B.C. commits $50 million to improve Internet in rural and Indigenous communities U.S. court denies Trump administration bid to resume federal executions Argentine steel industry chamber says U.S. tariffs would hit production, employment Announcement coming about police watchdog in Saskatchewan: minister Toronto Weather -1°C Light snow Feels like -5°C Tuesday 1°C Wednesday 2°C Thursday 0°C Friday 2°C Complete Forecast News 'Sweating all over me': BBC to air interview with Virginia Giuffre, who says she was forced to have sex with Prince Andrew Fishmongers Hall exec details how employee and patrons fought knife-wielding London terrorist Ex-FBI lawyer Lisa Page says Trump's 'demeaning fake orgasm' was the last straw Huawei's Meng Wanzhou thanks supporters for 'warmth' and 'kindness' on first anniversary of arrest Seven words in a 3.5-hour movie: De Niro defends Anna Paquin’s role in ‘The Irishman’ Two members leave Nobel literature committee, criticizing Swedish Academy for taking 'too long' with reforms Six rescue attempts failed to free him, says former Taliban hostage Timothy Weeks Twenty dead, including four cops, as Mexican cartel riding in skull-decorated trucks attacks town Malta's leader to quit as scrutiny heightens over reporter's murder Impeachment process shifts to House Judiciary Committee but Trump won't be there Man who helped thwart London terror attack with a narwhal tusk hailed as hero One dead, many injured in Kingston Highway 401 snowstorm pileup Top Stories WatchHow Alberta completely eradicated rats from the province by declaring war on rodent hordes The result is that Alberta is a magical land where rats never destroy vegetable gardens and nobody gets diseased from rat droppings in their attic WatchBeyond Jordan Peterson: A National Post investigation into the state of free speech on campuses Is free speech under threat on university campuses today? Are governments right to intervene? Canada's cocaine cowboys: How a two-year RCMP sting led all the way to Mexican kingpin El Chapo A blood-soaked trail of interconnected traffickers and deals ran from the RCMP's Operation Harrington to the Sinaloa Cartel Everything you need to know about the flu, its symptoms and how to prevent it A common misconception is that influenza is the same as the stomach flu, but while influenza can lead to vomiting and diarrhoea, these are uncommon symptoms This Week's Flyers Comments Postmedia is pleased to bring you a new commenting experience. We are committed to maintaining a lively but civil forum for discussion and encourage all readers to share their views on our articles. We ask you to keep your comments relevant and respectful. Visit our community guidelines for more information. Sign in to Comment Classifieds Remembering Celebrating Classifieds Marketplace Careers FlyerCity Post a Classifieds ad Local Directory Advertise with Us Partnerships Appointment Notice Solutions Resources Content Works Sales Directory About Us My Account Subscriber Self-Serve ePaper Contact Us Stay Connected © 2019 National Post, a division of Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP 365 Bloor St East, Toronto, ON, M4W3L4, www.postmedia.com Privacy - Updated Terms Copyright Digital Ad Registry Site Map Contact Us