Dominican Republic’s Casa de Campo a ‘Caribbean golf paradise’ | Calgary Sun Hot Topics Christmas Fund Rick Bell Columns Calgary Flames Your Letters Video Federal Election Classifieds Obits Jobs This Week's Flyers Sign into your account Sign out Home News All News Calgary Alberta Canada Crime Weird World Money Technology All Technology Gadgets Gaming Weather Traffic Sports All Sports Scores and Stats Baseball All Baseball MLB Basketball Football All Football Calgary Stampeders CFL NFL Hockey All Hockey Calgary Flames NHL Lacrosse All Lacrosse Calgary Roughnecks NLL Golf All Golf Golf Calendar More Sports Spruce Meadows MMA Motorsports Soccer Tennis Other Sports Opinion All Opinion Columnists Editorial Cartoons Editorials Letters Send Letter to the editor Entertainment All Entertainment Books Celebrity Movies Music Stage Television Life All Life Eat Fashion & Beauty Relationships Sex Files Health All Health Diet & Fitness Homes Travel All Travel Travel Alberta Travel Canada Travel Europe Travel USA Travel International More Sunshine Girls Today’s Sunshine Girl Become a Sunshine Girl Classifieds All Classifieds Jobs Announcements Obits This Week’s Flyers Local Directory Browse Classifed Ads Place Classified Ads Driving.ca Driving.ca Auto News Reviews Car Comparison Buyer’s Guide Contests Special Sections Homes Sections On Canoe.com Puzzles Horoscopes Comics Subscription Subscribe Now My Subscription Edit Profile Read E-edition Share Share Dominican Republic's Casa de Campo a 'Caribbean golf paradise' Tumblr Pinterest Google Plus Reddit LinkedIn Email Dominican Republic's Casa de Campo a 'Caribbean golf paradise' Wes GilbertsonMore from Wes Gilbertson Published: December 2, 2019 Updated: December 2, 2019 11:15 AM MST Filed Under: Calgary SUN Life Travel Share Dominican Republic's Casa de Campo a 'Caribbean golf paradise' Tumblr Pinterest Google Plus Reddit LinkedIn Email Teeth of the Dog is the marquee golf attraction at Casa de Campo Resort & Villas in the Dominican Republic. Courtesy of Casa de Campo LA ROMANA, Dominican Republic — In nearly four decades on staff at Casa de Campo Resort & Villas, a stunning ocean-side golf retreat in the Dominican Republic, Gilles Gagnon has teed it up with U.S. presidents and Canadian prime ministers, with Oscar Award-winning actors and producers, with hall-of-famers from various sports. The common thread? “It’s amazing how these people would do anything, give anything, to be able to play golf better,” said Gagnon, who was raised in Montreal and played professional hockey before finding paradise at Casa de Campo, where he is now director of golf emeritus. “And you can tell them anything. You can say, ‘Look, you need to put one finger in your nose and hang onto the club with one hand and that will help you.’ They would do it. They’ll try anything. They just want to get better.” I’m not qualified to offer any sort of golf tips, except for this one — Casa de Campo, home to the world-famous Teeth of the Dog and two other top-notch public tracks, needs to be on your birdie-seeking bucket-list. You’ll feel like you’ve found a divot-digging dream destination upon check-in, when you’re handed the keys to your own golf cart to keep for the duration of your stay. Whether you’re crashing in a standard casita or booked a private villa, like the Kardashians did, that plush four-seater will be your ride as you explore this 7,500-acre resort and residential community. You’ll know it if, like I did, you spot a PGA Tour Champions superstar sipping a cerveza at the beach club. He is one of countless celebs with a vacation home here. You’ll be sure of it when you tee it up on Teeth of the Dog, a Pete Dye design that has been a fixture in Best-Of rankings. As Robert Birtel, the current director of golf operations at Casa de Campo, points out: “You could do back-flips into the ocean on seven holes.” Casa de Campo’s Teeth of the Dog was ranked No. 27 on Golf Digest’s latest list of The World’s 100 Greatest Golf Courses. Courtesy of Casa de Campo “In the old days, people would land in Santo Domingo, they would get on the bus, and it was a two-hour drive, and the road was horrible,” Gagnon recalled. “The planes were late, and they’d arrive here at 10 or 11 o’clock at night, and we’d check them into the hotel, and they were in a bad mood. And then you throw them on Teeth of the Dog the next day, and they finish, and, all of a sudden, everything negative has just disappeared. Now, it’s just, ‘Wow, that’s incredible.’ ” Getting here isn’t an ordeal anymore — there’s an airport mere minutes away in La Romana, or you can fly into Punta Cana and it’s less than an hour on smooth highway from there. The wow factor, however, hasn’t changed. If anything, it’s increased. Guests at this five-star coastal getaway have access to hat-trick of golf courses, all designed by the legendary Dye — Teeth of the Dog, The Links and 27 holes at Dye Fore. If your game needs a little work before you tee off, there is also a state-of-the-art learning centre. Altos de Chavon is a replica of a centuries-old Mediterranean village, complete with statues, fountains, cobblestone streets and a 5,000-seat amphitheatre. Some of the yachts parked at the marina appear to be large enough for a similar crowd. You can relax in a lounger at the private white-sand beach or take your pick of several pools. If you can’t sit still even after finishing your round, you can kayak or paddleboard, saddle up for a polo lesson or test your aim at the shooting centre. Casa de Campo has enough restaurants that you could stay upwards of a week without ever doubling up on a dinner location. There’s really no need to wander off property, although if the Toros — La Romana’s team in the Dominican Baseball League — have a home game, you should consider it. Minitas Beach is a private hangout for guests of Casa de Campo Resort & Villas. Courtesy of Casa de Campo “It’s really a one-of-a-kind place,” Birtel said. “The first time I came here, I was shocked. I was shocked when I stepped on the golf courses. I was shocked when I played Teeth of the Dog, and then you get up to Dye Fore or you go to Altos de Chavon or go to the marina, and it’s like, ‘Oh my God!’ You just can’t get your head around how cool everything is and how much scale there is and the views and the contrast in the property.” Gagnon’s jaw dropped, too, during his first visit. Next year will mark his 40th at Casa de Campo. As an undersized centre, he caught the eye of hockey scouts — good enough to be invited to training camp with the Jr. Canadiens, back when Rejean Houle and Gilbert Perreault were rising stars, and later to fill the net for the NCAA’s Michigan State Spartans and spend time in the ol’ IHL. He was an assistant hockey coach and golf pro at Colgate University when he learned of this job opportunity in the southeast corner of the Dominican Republic. He’s since welcomed countless celebrities — and plenty of Average Joes, too — to what he calls “the most beautiful place in the world.” He has thousands of stories, like the time an American president joked that if he missed a crucial four-foot putt in a partner match, he might have trouble ever getting back into the United States. When Gagnon was inducted earlier this year to Caribbean Golf Association Hall of Fame, Casa de Campo president Andres Pichardo Rosenberg praised: “Except for Pete Dye, no other person has had more significant impact on our resort becoming one of the premier golf destinations in the world than Gilles.” Gilles Gagnon, left, and his wife Marilee have welcomed countless politicians, movie stars, athletes and other high-profile guests to Casa de Campo. Courtesy of Casa de Campo Gagnon certainly doesn’t have to stretch the truth on his sales pitch. In Golf Digest’s latest rundown of The World’s 100 Greatest Golf Courses, Teeth of the Dog is listed at No. 27, making it the top-ranked track in the Caribbean. Dye Fore is a cliff-top thrill-ride, with terrific views of the Chavon River, and The Links is an ideal warm-up if your clubs have been collecting dust in the garage for weeks or months in advance of your winter getaway. It’s the sort of place where you’ll set an early alarm on the final day to squeeze nine more holes out of your vacation. Or at least I did. The Dye Fore course at Casa de Campo is perched about the Chavon River, with splendid views of the marina and the 7,500-acre resort. Courtesy of Casa de Campo “You could go out on Teeth of the Dog and play the worst round of your life, and you come away and you think, ‘Wow this was an amazing day,’ ” Gagnon beamed. “I’ve played that golf course, shoot, probably 2,000 or 3,000 times, and there was never a time that I wasn’t in love with it. First of all, you’re going to hit every club in your bag. It’s not like every hole is long. Sometimes, you have a little wedge in your hand. Sometimes, you have a seven-iron. Sometimes, you have a three-iron. So it tests everything. Some of the greens are a little more severe; some are fairly flat. Then, on No. 5, you’re standing on the tee and it’s like you’re trying to land a golf ball on a beach towel — a green beach towel. Basically, that’s what it looks like when you’re standing back there. So it definitely has all of the character that you can possibly ask. “And the scenery obviously is breathtaking. A lot of times, when you play, you end up losing your focus on what you’re trying to do playing golf because it is so beautiful.” The scorecard math might not be easy — this is, after all, Pete Dye — but you won’t need a calculator to split up the final folio. Casa de Campo’s all-inclusive packages include all three meals of the day and most beverages. Not many high-end golf resorts offer that sort of option. “I’ll tell you what — it’s by far the way to go,” Birtel said. “After my trip to Scotland, we spent six months settling up the bar bill. That’s a big difference. You can go to dinner and not worry about if your buddy has a steak and you have a salad, or if he’s drinking a bottle of rum and you’re drinking water. It doesn’t matter. It’s so easy with that package. We find that it really works well with the golf group. There are really no surprises.” Go back in time with a wander through Casa de Campo’s Altos de Chavon. Courtesy of Casa de Campo No surprises at the end. Just upon arrival. Nearly four decades ago, on his first glimpse, Gagnon could hardly believe his eyes. Birtel had heard great things, but he, too, was blown away. Thanks to the magic of Google, golf-trippers nowadays have already sized up the signature holes and scoped the dinner and dessert menus. Casa de Campo, take it from me, will still surprise you. In a good way. “I would describe it as a Caribbean golf paradise,” Gagnon said. “I had a group that was having dinner the other night and the comment was, ‘This is the best all-around experience I’ve ever had at a golf resort.’ The food is great. You go to Altos de Chavon, and you can see the art of the village. You go to the marina, you go to all these places, and it’s just absolutely incredible. It’s like, ‘What just happened to me?’ It’s amazing.” For more information on Casa de Campo Resort & Villas, visit www.casadecampo.com.do. wgilbertson@postmedia.com http://Twitter.com/WesGilbertson Comments Share your thoughts Classifieds Stories, pictures and tributes to life. View and place obituaries, and more. The faster, fresher and greener way to shop flyers. Canada’s Largest Print and Online Classifieds Network Employment Opportunities! New and Used Car Reviews. Related Posts Football College Football Frenzy: Fields, Ohio State can take their licks and still dominate Columnists CHRISTMAS FUND: Plenty of need on the streets of Calgary Contests Meet Your Favourite Flame - Elias Lindholm Top Stories Bell: Kenney tees off on Calgary council's tax hike Premier slams 'aggressive' protesters at UCP AGM Thanks for the tax relief. Now, about that spending problem .... Psychiatric assessment for accused in Calgary case worker’s death extended Dad was drunk when he lost control of his Jeep, killing daughter and injuring her ... Bell: Kenney's city boss rips Calgary tax hikes This Week's Flyers Comments We encourage all readers to share their views on our articles and blog posts. We are committed to maintaining a lively but civil forum for discussion, so we ask you to avoid personal attacks, and please keep your comments relevant and respectful. If you encounter a comment that is abusive, click the "X" in the upper right corner of the comment box to report spam or abuse. We are using Facebook commenting. Visit our FAQ page for more information. Connect with Calgary SUN Subscription Edit Profile Ways to Read FAQs Sitemap Advertise Contact Us © 2019 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Privacy – Updated Terms Copyright & Permissions Digital Ad Registry