Edison and Ford’s winter retreat, Fort Myers, still charming | Toronto Sun Hot Topics What made him kill Video Classifieds Obits Jobs This Week's Flyers Sign into your account Sign out Home News All News Toronto & GTA Ontario Canada World Crime Weird Money Technology All Technology Gaming Gadgets Weather Traffic Sports All Sports Scores and Stats Hockey All Hockey Toronto Maple Leafs NHL Football All Football Toronto Argonauts CFL NFL Baseball All Baseball Toronto Blue Jays MLB Basketball All Basketball Toronto Raptors NBA Lacrosse All Lacrosse Toronto Rock NLL Soccer All Soccer Toronto FC MLS Golf All Golf Golf Videos Sports Picks More Sports Curling Horse Racing MMA Motorsports Tennis Other Sports Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Editorial Cartoons Letters Send Letter to the Editor Entertainment All Entertainment Books Celebrity Movies Music Stage Television Life All Life Eat Fashion & Beauty Relationships Sex Files Health All Health Diet & Fitness Homes Travel All Travel Ontario Travel Travel Canada Travel Europe Travel International Travel USA More Sunshine Girls Today’s Sunshine Girl Become a Sunshine Girl Classifieds All Classifieds Jobs Announcements Obits Browse Listings Place an Ad This Week’s Flyers Driving All Driving Auto News Reviews Car Comparison Buyers Guide Contests Special Sections Homes Sections On Canoe.com Puzzles Horoscopes Comics Subscription Subscribe My Subscription Edit Profile Subscribe to TV Book Read e-Edition Share Share Edison and Ford's winter retreat, Fort Myers, still charming Tumblr Pinterest Google Plus Reddit LinkedIn Email Edison and Ford's winter retreat, Fort Myers, still charming Sam Pazzano Courts BureauMore from Sam Pazzano Courts Bureau Published: November 30, 2019 Updated: November 30, 2019 12:24 PM EST Filed Under: Toronto SUN Life Travel Travel USA Share Edison and Ford's winter retreat, Fort Myers, still charming Tumblr Pinterest Google Plus Reddit LinkedIn Email Related Travel Dominican Republic's Casa de Campo a 'Caribbean golf paradise' Travel Interim Commons tour blends architecture with civic literacy Travel NEIL WAUGH OUTDOORS: Shining in the sunlight Travel Canada Embrace winter along B.C.'s Powder Highway The guest house on the Edison estate. Famous guests included Henry Ford, Harvey Firestone, President-elect Herbert Hoover, and many others. Photo courtesy The Beaches of Fort Myers and Sanibel. FORT MYERS, Fla. — Legendary inventor Thomas Edison fell in love with this cattle town when it had only 349 residents, most of them ranchers. “There’s only one Fort Myers in the United States and there are 90 million people who are going to find it out,” Edison was quoted as saying. By the time he landed here, Edison had patented more than 500 inventions, so he was already a celebrity inventor and on his way to becoming America’s greatest, especially in electric power generation, mass communication, sound recording and motion pictures. He made the town his winter home more than a century ago — and he expected the rest of America to be seduced by the natural charm of Fort Myers, which now has a population of some 80,000. His estate and that of prodigy Henry Ford, which are perched along the Caloosahatchee River with their lush botanical gardens (edisonfordwinterestates.org), are a main attraction here. A statue of famed American inventor Thomas Edison at his estate in Fort Myers. (Regalpix Photography for Edison Ford Winter Estates Known as ‘the Wizard of Menlo Park, N.J.,’ Edison purchased the 13-acre property for US$2,750 in 1885. That was 10 times more than the usual US$15- to $20-an-acre price back then. Why did a genius overpay? He saw a surplus of bamboo trees, which he could use as filaments in his light bulbs. Those filaments lasted many hours more than the previous material. Edison entertained many important Americans at his estate, including President-elect Herbert Hoover, the Colgate and Kellogg families, and the Philadelphia Athletics baseball team. Legendary Babe Ruth played a spring training game in Fort Myers and put it on the baseball map. An aerial view of Thomas Edison’s main house and guest house in Fort Myers. (The Lee County Visitor & Convention Bureau) Edison, Ford — who bought the property next door — and tire magnate Harvey Firestone all planted roots in Fort Myers because of its warm climate and natural beauty. The illustrious trio, along with respected author and naturalist John Burroughs, loved camping in the wilderness. The self-named vagabonds took many trips together. They wore suits when they went camping and on their first excursion, travelled into the Florida Everglades. Henry Ford, from left, Thomas Edison and Harvey Firestone at the lab in Fort Myers. Photo courtesy the Lee County Visitor & Convention Bureau Their trips evolved from simple outings into heavily covered media events with visits by American presidents. It probably ushered in the age of recreational motoring, the cheapest form of tourism, for families. These guys relaxed, hunted and fished but also took plant samples to be used for their rubber research. All three entrepreneurs were scouring the United States for a natural source of rubber for American industry. The trio didn’t want America held hostage by a shortage in foreign-made rubber. Ford, once chief engineer for Edison’s company, took two weeks off every winter to celebrate Edison’s special day on Feb. 11. The Model T gift he gave him is on display at Edison’s Winter Estate. Ford wanted to give his mentor a new vehicle every year on his birthday, but Edison thought was too extravagant. Ford compromised by upgrading Edison’s Ford with the newest features and components every year. In 1927, Edison, Ford and Firestone formed the Edison Botanic Research Corporation, which tested more than 17,000 plants until it found the most promising, goldenrod. This type of tree produces a milky sap (latex) that can be used to create rubber. A laboratory at Edison Estates in Fort Myers (The Lee County Visitor & Convention Bureau) Edison spent 20% of his year in southwestern Florida and built a lab here, which kept functioning until 1936, five years after his death. He also built one of the first cement private pools in Florida, but ironically, never swam in it. He only believed in exercising his mind. Today, a 15,000-square-foot museum showcases his treasure chest of amazing inventions, from the phonograph to enormous urban generators. His phonograph had no volume control, so users had to stuff the megaphone with a rolled-up sock to muffle it — hence the expression “put a sock in it” was born. The Edison light bulb on display in the 15,000-square-foot museum at the Edison and Ford Winter Estates. (The Lee County Visitor & Convention Bureau) The famous trio’s names and legacy are everywhere in Fort Myers, starting with Ford’s Garage, a fun downtown diner. The restaurant combines the atmosphere of a 1920s’ service station and a Prohibition bar with its old-style brick, rich wood surfaces and hand-hammered copper bar tops. Ford’s Garage in downtown Fort Myers combines the atmosphere of a 1920s’ service station and a Prohibition bar. (Sam Pazzano photo) The bathroom faucets are gas pump nozzles with tire-rimmed sinks. A huge vintage black Ford is raised on a hoist in the middle of the diner’s ceiling. Ford, of course, invented the assembly line production. But thank heaven there’s no fast-food assembly line here. The onion rings are mounted on large stainless steel spikes and the burgers have “Ford’s Garage” burnished on the buns. The portions are enormous and delicious. There’s also the Edison Theatre, which has been converted into a personal injury lawyers’ office but still retains movie posters from classic films from Casablanca to Breakfast at Tiffany’s, and The Wizard of Oz to Rocky. If you want a classy, French-inspired cuisine for a romantic night out, try The Veranda restaurant. The service and food are first-rate at this award-winning downtown restaurant. Chocolate lovers shouldn’t miss a local treasure here in Fort Myers, Norman Love Confections, created by Love, the former corporate executive pastry chef for Ritz-Carlton from 1988 to 2001. The pastry competition from his culinary event production company, along with co-founder Michael Schneider, snared a large audience and became the basis for TV series Food Network Challenge. Since 2006, Norman Love Confections has been named the best premium chocolate company in the United States six times. Chef Frederic Monti holds some of the delicious offerings at Norman Love Confections in Fort Myers. (Sam Pazzano photo) Love’s French (despite his Italian name) chef, Frederic Monti, says the company produces up to 40,000 pieces of chocolates, truffles, white-chocolate raspberry, peanut butter cups, tiramisu, and shell-shaped desserts plus home-made gelato. Judge for yourself — the chocolates are irresistible. While there are only four storefronts in Florida (Naples, Estero, and two in Fort Myers), Norman Love Confections can be found in other locations across the country. Only in the U.S., you say? Pity. IF YOU GO If you are looking for a comfortable boutique hotel in the heart of Fort Myers downtown River District, try the Hotel Indigo. It’s a short stroll from great shopping at the Post Office arcade, the federal courthouse and other landmarks. Ford’s Garage and many other fun restaurants and historic buildings are across the street. A quick walk and you’ll see colourful and sometimes humorously risque, rusty statues such as a man relieving himself against a street pole. spazzano@postmedia.com Comments Share your thoughts Related Posts OPINION: How technology can empower people of all abilities GOLDSTEIN GRIPE: Trudeau should declare China is Canada's adversary Maple Leafs reveal changes as Marner nears return Top Stories BONOKOSKI: Scheer shuns party's first openly-gay MP Maple Leafs reveal changes as Marner nears return 'SENDS A CLEAR MESSAGE': Premiers kick off meeting Ex-sex slave's interview has huge 'ramifications' for Prince Andrew MINISTRY SPENDING IN SPOTLIGHT: Energy up, infrastructure down Fire in TTC tunnel, crashes lead to snarled Monday commute This Week's Flyers Comments We encourage all readers to share their views on our articles and blog posts. We are committed to maintaining a lively but civil forum for discussion, so we ask you to avoid personal attacks, and please keep your comments relevant and respectful. If you encounter a comment that is abusive, click the "X" in the upper right corner of the comment box to report spam or abuse. We are using Facebook commenting. Visit our FAQ page for more information. Connect with Toronto SUN Subscribe Edit Profile Ways to Read FAQS Sitemap Advertise Contact Us © 2019 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Privacy – Updated Terms Copyright & Permissions Digital Ad Registry