Editor Opinions | Analysis & Columns  | Montreal Gazette	 Skip to navigation Skip to content News All News Local News All Local News Off-Island Gazette West Island Gazette Quebec National Election 2019 World Opinion All Opinion Columnists Editorials Aislin and other editorial cartoons Sports All Sports Hockey Inside Out All Hockey Inside Out Live Game Blog HI/O Show Where To Watch The Habs Hockey All Hockey Hockey Inside Out Montreal Canadiens NHL World Juniors Football All Football Montreal Alouettes CFL NFL Soccer All Soccer Montreal Impact MLS Baseball Basketball All Basketball NBA NCAA Tennis Golf Golf Videos Auto Racing Business All Business FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Energy Local Business All Local Business Aerospace Personal Finance Real Estate Retail Technology All Technology Gaming Internet Personal Tech Science Tech-Biz Small Business Arts Local Arts All Arts Montreal movies All Movies Movie Listings Television All Television TV Listings Montreal theatre Music All Music NP Music Books Celebrity Life All Life Fashion & Beauty Food All Food Recipes Local Food Reviews Health All Health Diet & Fitness Family & Child Men Women Seniors Sexual Health Diet & Fitness Homes All Homes Buying and Selling Condos Decorating Renovating Gardening Vacation Homes Life By Design Parenting Relationships Travel Royals Obits Classifieds All Classifieds FlyerCity Celebrating Browse Listings Place a Classifieds Ad Local Directory Careers Driving Subscribe Opinion Columnists Editorials Aislin and other editorial cartoons |Featured: Gangs of Montreal Hockey Inside/Out Bill 21 Obesity History Through Our Eyes Cannabis Insider's Guide Videos Archives | More Open Search Close Search Search Videos Sign In Sign Out Subscribe Editorials Editorial: Governing our schools Editorial: Governing a divided country Our endorsement: Best choice for Canada is Andrew Scheer Editorial: Quebec's help to media is support for public's right to know Editorial: Bill 21's passage a sad and shameful day for Quebec Editorial: Religious symbols bill is divisive, wrong and unnecessary Editorial cartoons Gallery: Aislin and other editorial cartoonists — November 2019 Gallery: Aislin and other editorial cartoonists — October 2019 Gallery: Aislin and other editorial cartoonists — September 2019 Gallery: Aislin and other editorial cartoonists — August 2019 Gallery: Aislin and other editorial cartoonists — July 2019 Gallery: Aislin and other editorial cartoonists — June 2019 Columnists Lise Ravary: Manitoba has no lessons to give Quebec Opinion: How we can end the HIV/AIDS epidemic Brownstein: Jacob died at 11. But his generosity lives on Hanes: 30 years after Polytechnique, women in power face perpetual fight Herstories: Book honours 14 women killed at Polytechnique 30 years ago Macpherson: On your mark, get set, d'oh! The start of the Liberal race The Right Chemistry: Spy helped Soviets with polonium production Brownstein: You probably won't see this doc streaming on Amazon This Week's Flyers More Opinions Opinion Cuthand: Compensation owed for suffering of First Nations children "The federal government should drop the appeal of the child compensation case and own up and make things right." Opinion White: A minority government is actually better for the Liberals "Trudeau can now how effective he is at 'working together' with the other parties, and assert how he has 'listened' to Canadians and learned his lessons" Opinion Braid: Andrew Scheer and the two big Conservative fears "The real issue is Scheer himself." Opinion Lamont and Kilgour: Here's what Canada could do to free Michael Kovrig and Michael Spavor "The government should try to broker a deal between the United States Attorney and the Chinese government under which Huawei would plead guilty to charges in New York, in return for dropping the charges against the company's CFO." Opinion Richardson: Joe Biden stutters. So do I. And he needs to talk about it more "Mostly, I get on as best I can. For 50 years, I’ve been thinking that maybe next time, or the time after that, I’ll get over it." Opinion Balan: Resist alternative facts about Ukraine's Holodomor "There is now a massive amount of evidence which establishes that millions of Ukrainians were deliberately starved to death in 1932-1933 as a result of Soviet policy." Columnists Naqvi-Mohamed: A hijab-wearing Muslim's YidLife synagogue experience It's amazing what happens when you leave your comfort zone to reach out to others who don't look or dress like you or share all your beliefs. Columnists Hanes: Backroom whispering campaign against Dominique Anglade is disgraceful Despite all the rhetoric about the need for more women and diversity in politics, the reception has suddenly turned cold for the Quebec Liberal leadership contender Opinion Glavin: Hong Kong's on the front lines of a global struggle between freedom, repression In the final weeks of the century’s second decade, more United Nations member states are turning away from democratic norms rather than toward. Opinion Pellerin: Let's aim for a merry – and quiet – Christmas, Ottawa As we begin the season of shopping and celebrating, let me use my 'inside voice' and ask retailers to think about ways to make their establishments sensory friendly. Columnists Brownstein: PVM is joining the battle for your tummy Le Cathcart food court will open in late January in the refurbished Esplanade Place Ville Marie Columnists Brownstein: Searing documentary Conviction goes behind walls of women's prisons “What has motivated me in my films has been: how can this be happening in Canada?” says former Montrealer Nance Ackerman. Conviction airs Dec. 1 on CBC's Documentary Channel. Opinion Richardson: In the era of 'deep fakes,' can we trust what we see? Future political candidates will have to deal with embarrassing material while campaigning and governing, but what if the material is so good that no one can tell? Columnists Christopher Labos: Apple Watch isn't great as a medical device Sometimes more sophisticated technology simply becomes better at diagnosing inconsequential issues that probably could have been ignored. Opinion Appreciation: A towering figure, George Springate truly was unique "To me, George was emblematic of Canada and Quebec at their noblest and most generous," Clifford Lincoln writes. Opinion Martin: Cabinet ministers' titles should reflect their real jobs, eh? For example, first up would be a Minister of Making Alberta Happy. And we should look soon for the newly refurbished Ministry of Senior Discounts and Early Bird Specials. Opinion Ramos and Griffith: Human rights defenders should boycott immigration conference in Beijing It is time for Canada and other Western countries to recognize they cannot assume that policy and academic exchanges will change repressive regimes. Opinion Braid: Ottawa will be judged by action, not visits and talk The sense that we’re peering into a bleak future deepens by the day. Page 1 of 784 Connect With Us Latest Opinion Columnists Lise Ravary: Quebec and Alberta have much in common Opinion Braid: Quebec offers surprise olive branch to Alberta Opinion Tinmaung: Canada needs to stand up for the Rohingya in court Submit A Letter Click here to send us your letter. News All News Local News Quebec National World Opinion All Opinion Columnists Editorials Aislin and other editorial cartoons Sports All Sports Hockey Inside Out Hockey Football Soccer Baseball Basketball Tennis Golf Auto Racing Business All Business FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Energy Local Business Technology Small Business Arts Local Arts All Arts Montreal movies Television Montreal theatre Music Books Celebrity Life All Life Fashion & Beauty Food Health Diet & Fitness Homes Life By Design Parenting Relationships Travel Royals 365 Bloor St East, Toronto, ON, M4W3L4, www.postmedia.com © 2019 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Classifieds Obits Careers Browse Classifieds Place a Classified Ad Celebrating Driving FlyerCity Legal Privacy – Updated Terms Copyright & Permissions Digital Ad Registry Services Advertise With Us Subscribe My Subscription Edit Profile Contact ePaper Digital Access Contests Archives Properties Calgary Herald Canada.com Edmonton Journal Leader-Post (Regina) London Free Press National Post Ottawa Citizen The StarPhoenix (Saskatoon) The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun Windsor Star