Editorials - Recent Editorial Coverage on News  | Saskatoon StarPhoenix	 Skip to navigation Skip to content News All News Local News Saskatchewan Politics Election 2019 National World Business All Business Local Business Energy Mining Mortgages Money Technology All Technology Gaming Internet Personal Tech Science Space Tech-Biz FP Markets Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Local Sports All Local Sports U of S Huskies Saskatoon Hilltops Hockey All Hockey NHL Saskatoon Blades Football All Football CFL Saskatchewan Roughriders NFL Baseball Basketball All Basketball NBA NCAA Golf Golf Videos Soccer All Soccer International Soccer MLS MMA Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies Television All Television TV Listings Music All Music NP Music Books Celebrity Life All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes All Homes Buying & Selling Condos Decorating Gardening Renovating Vacation Homes Living Spaces Food All Food Local Food Reviews Recipes Health All Health Diet & Fitness Family & Child Men Women Seniors Sexual Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Festivals Travel Bridges Puzzles & Comics Obits Classifieds All Classifieds Flyercity Celebrating Browse Listings Place a Classifieds Ad Local Directory Careers Driving All Driving News Reviews Car Comparison Buyer’s Guide Subscription Opinion Editorials |Featured: StarPhoenix Sporting Christmas Canada's growing obesity crisis TheGrowthOp: Cannabis in Canada Saskatchewan Rush New Faces Election 2019 Cannabis Broncos bus crash Videos The Royals Follow the Money People Project Spotlight | More Open Search Close Search Search Videos Sign In Sign Out Subscribe Editorial: Saskatchewan needs to tackle obesity The high rate of obesity in the province should be a topic of conversation and of action. Editorials Editorial: Sanitization of messages is concerning Editorials Editorial: Time for a new story on addictions Movies Opinion: Ford v Ferrari depicts a ‘car guy’ generation best left dead and gone National EDITORIAL: What we honour on Remembrance Day Editorials Editorial: Public owed clear response on lead in water Editorials Editorial: How the West was lost Election 2019 Our endorsement: Best choice for Canada is Andrew Scheer Editorials Brad Wall: Trudeau owes Canadians an answer — would he sacrifice Trans Mountain for power? Editorial: Important to apologize even for unintentional discrimination Editorial: Treatment funds address crime Editorial: Ads' impact lingers Letters Letter of the Day: Understanding voting system vital Letter to the editor from Jim Farney Opinion: The problem isn’t solar energy. It’s the energy system. Letters to the editor Nov. 30 Letter of the Day: Saskatoon needs to expand central library Letter of the Day: Moe does not speak for all in province Letters to the editor Nov. 28 Letter of the Day: Proposed library expansion Letter of the Day: Don't rush to fix what isn't broken More Columns Columnists Collective Voice: What I learned from failing You shouldn't feel bad if you’ve failed; you should learn from it and use what you’ve learned in future situations. Columnists Tank: Real buffer lies between data and Saskatoon's bizarre bike rule City council endorsed a pedestrian-cyclist buffer rule that apparently does not exist anywhere else in North America. Politics Braid: Andrew Scheer and the two big Conservative fears Federal Conservative Leader Andrew Scheer had every right to expect an enthusiastic reception Friday at the United Conservative Party convention in Calgary. Columnists Mandryk: Sask. Party won't reveal what's behind investment fund losses One ponders why an aging government would use its sizable majority to obfuscate, instead of providing answers on why tax dollars were lost. Columnists Kohlman: Caramelized Cranberry and Brie Tarts Cranberries are a holiday necessity. In fact, they are right up there with egg nog and Icy Squares. Columnists Cuthand: Compensation owed for suffering of First Nations children The federal government should drop the appeal of the child compensation case and own up and make things right. Columnists Smith: Indoctrination in Alberta's classrooms must stop "The efforts to convince Canadians that the Alberta energy sector is the best in class and deserves to be supported are being undermined right here at home," writes columnist Danielle Smith. Columnists Mandryk: Mid-year budget update sees Sask. Party gov't live up to its rhetoric This budget is now signalling a mature, responsible Saskatchewan Party administration, writes Murray Mandryk. That's a pretty big deal — politically and otherwise. Editorials Editorial: Fraud shock requires action An admission from the City of Saskatoon that staff inadvertently sent $1.04 million to someone posing as a prominent contractor landed like a bombshell. Editorials Editorial: ATV rules need changing A Saskatchewan summer has been marred by yet another incident involving an all-terrain vehicle. Editorials Editorial: To fight crime, fight poverty The fact communities in our province continue to rank among the most violent per capita in Canada is a source of shame. Editorials Editorial: Police oversight needs to shift The time has come to increase transparency when it comes to policing in Saskatchewan. Editorials Editorial: Adopt presumed-consent organ donation We urge the Saskatchewan government to follow Nova Scotia’s lead and adopt presumed-consent organ donation. Editorials Editorial: Construction zones need to be safe spaces Remember to slow down, enjoy your summer drive and potentially save lives. Editorials Editorial: Feds and provinces need to give up their posturing Thoughtful platforms and policies should not be overtaken completely by partisan politics and a harsh divide that prevents debate. Editorials Editorial: Perform random acts of Pride Joe Wickenhauser, of Moose Jaw Pride, is on the front lines of trying to make Saskatchewan communities more inclusive and accepting. Editorials Editorial: Distraction further dishonours victims Reflecting on how to personally address reconciliation regarding the MMIWG is important for citizens of this province and this country. Editorials Editorial: Speak out on plastic ban This week, Regina city council voted in favour of studying a ban on single-use plastics. This is an idea whose time has come at last. Page 1 of 25 Connect With Us Most Read SP Opinion: The problem isn’t solar energy. It’s the energy system. | Saskatoon StarPhoenix Mark Donlevy sentenced to 4 years for 6 sexual assaults while he was massage therapist ... Tank: Real buffer lies between data and Saskatoon’s bizarre bike rule | Saskatoon StarPhoenix Premiers meet outside Toronto; Sask. signs memo for nuclear reactors | Saskatoon StarPhoenix Gerald Stanley trial: Jury delivers not guilty verdict in death of Colten Boushie | Saskatoon ... Cuthand: Compensation owed for suffering of First Nations children | Saskatoon StarPhoenix Local News Local News 'Shocked and excited': Injured Bronco Ryan Straschnitzki at 'loss for words' over effect of spinal ... Local News Fatal house fire: Two dead in Pelican Narrows blaze Crime Mark Donlevy sentenced to 4 years for 6 sexual assaults while he was massage therapist Local News Premiers meet outside Toronto; Saskatchewan signs memo for nuclear reactors Local News Years of service: WWII veteran gets award for 75 years with legion Weather Weather Currently Feels Like We want you to have the most accurate weather report you can. Please enter a valid postal code News All News Local News Saskatchewan Politics National World Business All Business Local Business Energy Mining Mortgages Money Technology FP Markets Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Local Sports Hockey Football Baseball Basketball Golf Soccer MMA Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies Television Music Books Celebrity Life All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes Food Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Festivals Travel Bridges Puzzles & Comics 365 Bloor St East, Toronto, ON, M4W3L4, www.postmedia.com © 2019 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Classifieds Obits Careers Browse Classifieds Place an Ad Driving FlyerCity Local Directory Legal Privacy – Updated Terms Copyright Digital Ad Registry Services Advertise With Us Subscribe My Subscription Edit Profile Contact ePaper Digital Access Contests NIE Properties Calgary Herald Canada.com Edmonton Journal London Free Press Montreal Gazette National Post Ottawa Citizen Leader-Post (Regina) The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun Windsor Star Post to Cancel