Essex riding flips to Conservatives as Lewis prevails | Windsor Star	 Skip to navigation Skip to content News All News Local News National Election 2019 World Traffic Business All Business Local Business Energy Technology All Technology Gaming Internet Personal Tech Science Space Tech-Biz FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Hockey All Hockey NHL Detroit Red Wings Toronto Maple Leafs Football All Football NFL Detroit Lions CFL Baseball All Baseball Detroit Tigers Basketball All Basketball NBA NCAA Windsor Express Golf Golf Videos Soccer All Soccer International Soccer MLS Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies All Movies Movie Listings Television All Television TV Listings Music All Music NP Music Books Celebrity Life Milestones All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes All Homes Condos Decorating Gardening Renovating Vacation Homes Food All Food Local Food Reviews Recipes From the Vault Health All Health Diet & Fitness Family & Child Men Women Seniors Sexual Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Travel Obits Classifieds All Classifieds Flyercity Celebrating Browse Listings Place a Classifieds Ad Local Directory Careers Driving All Driving News Reviews Car Comparison Buyer’s Guide Subscription News National Election 2019 |Featured: Windsor International Film Festival Obesity Life After Death Spitfires Dying for a Drink Exit Wounds Election 2019 100 years of Point Pelee Opioid Crisis Windsor Tech Cannabis Help Wanted Anne Jarvis Windsor-Detroit bridge Woofa-Roo 2019 Reader Letters | More Open Search Close Search Search Videos Sign In Sign Out Subscribe Essex riding flips to Conservatives as Lewis prevails Dave Battagello, Windsor Star & Mary Caton Updated: October 22, 2019 Conservative candidate Chris Lewis addresses his supporters after winning the Essex riding in the 2019 federal election. Taylor Campbell / Windsor Star Share Adjust Comment Print Conservative challenger Chris Lewis triumphed in Essex on Monday, taking the riding back from NDP incumbent MP Tracey Ramsey, who had snatched it from the Conservatives the last election. Though it remained fairly close to start, Lewis opened up a strong enough lead over Ramsey for pundits to call the riding a Conservative gain abut an hour after polls closed across the country. “It’s been an amazing journey — a journey that has brought us to over 42,000 doors,” Lewis said. “I didn’t know what tonight was going to bring, I really didn’t. “I had two speeches prepared and I’m really glad I didn’t bring in the second one. Essex is once again blue” Ramsey was attempting to hold on to her seat after only one term as the riding’s MP. She upended former long-time Conservative MP Jeff Watson in the 2015 election. But given the Conservative history of the riding, a Lewis victory remained a real possibility. Tonight you voted for change, tonight you voted for the future. Lewis thanked Ramsey for “four years of dedicated service to Essex.” “Tonight you voted for change, tonight you voted for the future,” he said. “Tonight we celebrate, tomorrow I roll up my sleeves and get to work. Boy, am I excited to get to Ottawa and make life better for everyone.” Lewis started knocking on doors nine months before Monday’s federal election vote and that early start appeared to have paid off. He barely took time off from campaigning as the Conservative candidate for the Essex riding after suffering serious injury in a nasty fall on the family farm. The pain was apparently worth it in the end for Lewis. Essex MP Tracey Ramsey and her husband Germaine Ramsey at Royal Canadian Legion Metropolitan Branch 594 after losing Essex riding to PC candidate Chris Lewis. Nick Brancaccio / Windsor Star Lewis kept pushing for votes right up until the polls closed at 9:30 p.m. Monday. “Chris will not be speaking to the media and there will be no comment from our campaign until the polls close,” Tapping said in an email. “Every single moment counts and we will all be busy reaching out to supporters and getting them out to vote.” The Conservative Party was banking on a strong showing by Lewis based on his performance in the 2018 provincial election. In that race, Lewis earned 22,000-plus votes in finishing second to Taras Natyshak. Conservative leader Andrew Scheer made a late-inning swing through the area, opting for the town of Essex over Windsor in a bid to push Lewis over the top. “Chris and his team started knocking on doors back in March,” said Lewis’s campaign manager Rich Tapping. “He wanted to reach as many people as possible before the election to hear their concerns, their struggles, to form a relationship with them and to help get to know him more. “Chris has learned that people are struggling to get ahead, are tired of wasteful spending and increasing taxes.” Ramsey was gracious in conceding defeat in a short speech and wished Lewis the best. But she made it clear this was unlikely to be the end of her political ambitions. “I promise you I will be back,” Ramsey said. “This is not the result we were looking for, but i am so proud of the team that was around me the last four years. We did our best for the riding of Essex and fought very, very hard.” Essex Coun. Kim Verbeek worked on Ramsey’s campaign, most often canvassing door-to-door. John Drop, a volunteer with Essex MP Tracey Ramsey, tries to absorb the numbers which show Ramsey behind, losing to Chris Lewis, PC candidate. Nick Brancaccio / Windsor Star She felt hopeful just before the polls closed that Ramsey would be able to retain her seat in Ottawa. “A lot of people in the riding acknowledge how hard Tracey has been working,” Verbeek said. “Her work ethic really comes through — you would hear that from people at the door. “We have to send her back to Ottawa. We need a woman with that kind of integrity, strength and ability to fight for us.” Meanwhile, Liberal candidate Audrey Festeryga — who was in third with about 20 percent of the vote — was making her second try as her party’s federal election candidate and noted how the shorter time frame for the campaign this time made a difference in being unable to touch base with every voter in the vast county riding. Audrey Festeryga, the Liberal candidate in Essex reacts to poll results at John Max Sport and Wings in south Windsor, ON. on Monday, October 21, 2019. Dan Janisse / Windsor Star “We have a great platform that we were running on and proud of what we have accomplished and looking forward to four more years,” she said just prior to polls closing. “Since it was shorter (campaign) we could not hit every poll, so we had to be more focused on our approach. I’m excited to see how things unfold.” Ramsey took the seat from Conservative Jeff Watson in the 2015 election. Watson held it from 2004 to 2015 and prior to that it was the Liberal domain of Susan Whelan from 1997-2004. Voters in Chatham-Kent-Leamington elect Conservative's Epp Photos: Migration celebration — thousands gather for 50th annual bird festival This Week's Flyers Comments Postmedia is pleased to bring you a new commenting experience. We are committed to maintaining a lively but civil forum for discussion and encourage all readers to share their views on our articles. Comments may take up to an hour for moderation before appearing on the site. We ask you to keep your comments relevant and respectful. Visit our Community Guidelines for more information. Sign in to Comment Connect With Us Latest Local News Local News Ontario auditor general to assess PC climate change plan Local News Vigil walk and red ribbons mark World AIDS Day in Windsor Local News Amherstburg Diageo workers ratify 3-year contract Local News Windsor's Santa Claus parade lights up downtown 10/3 Podcast 10/podcast: A 'war zone of feces' in Toronto 10/3 podcast: How El Chapo's Canadian drug smuggling connections were uncovered 10/3 podcast: Beyond Jordan Peterson — the state of free speech on campuses 10/3 podcast: Why legal weed companies are taking major losses Close Daily Headline News Thank you for subscribing to Postmedia's Newsletter. Email By clicking "Submit", I consent to receiving the above communication from Postmedia Network Inc. I understand that I may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. Submit Weather Weather Currently Feels Like We want you to have the most accurate weather report you can. Please enter a valid postal code Traffic Election 2019 Election 2019 Was the federal election a case of the right product but the wrong packaging for ... Election 2019 'This isn’t just anger': Seven prominent voices assess the post-election mood out West Election 2019 Andrew Coyne: Sorry Albertchewan, cabinet ministers are supposed to be elected, not selected Election 2019 Chris Selley: Rethinking the shameless election, and how it was covered — damp squib and ... Share this story Essex riding flips to Conservatives as Lewis prevails Facebook Twitter Reddit Email Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn News All News Local News National World Traffic Business All Business Local Business Energy Technology FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Hockey Football Baseball Basketball Golf Soccer Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies Television Music Books Celebrity Life Milestones All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes Food From the Vault Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Travel 365 Bloor St East, Toronto, ON, M4W3L4, www.postmedia.com © 2019 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Classifieds Obits Careers Browse Classifieds Place a Classified Ad Celebrating Driving FlyerCity Local Directory Legal Privacy – Updated Terms Copyright & Permissions Digital Ad Registry Services Advertise With Us Subscribe My Subscription Edit Profile Contact ePaper Digital Access Contests Partnerships Properties Calgary Herald Canada.com Edmonton Journal London Free Press Montreal Gazette National Post Ottawa Citizen Leader-Post (Regina) The StarPhoenix (Saskatoon) The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun