Extensible Markup Language (XML) Activity Statement Skip to contents | INformation and Knowledge Domain | XML home W3C Home About W3C W3C Activities Activity Statements Data Digital Publishing Extensible Markup Language (XML) Fonts Graphics HTML Internationalization Math Mobile Web Initiative Multimodal Interaction Patent Policy Payments Privacy Rich Web Client Security Social Style Ubiquitous Web Applications Video in the Web Voice Browser WAI International Program Office WAI Technical Web Testing Web and TV XForms Extensible Markup Language (XML) Activity Statement The XML Activity is now closed. The Extensible Markup Language (XML) is a simple, flexible text format derived from SGML (ISO 8879). The W3C created and maintains the XML specification. The W3C is also the primary center for developing other cross-industry specifications that are based on XML. Some of these are done within the XML Activity, such as XML Query and XML Schema, and some (such as SVG) in other W3C areas. The XML Activity tries to keep a balance between maintaining stability and backwards compatibility, making improvements that help to encourage interoperability, and bringing new communities into the world of XML. W3C is no longer organized by Activities, and this page is no longer updated. Summary of Activity Structure Group Chair Team Contact Charter Efficient XML Interchange Working Group (participants) Takuki Kamiya Carine Bournez Chartered until 31 May 2015 XML Coordination Group (participants) Paul Grosso Liam Quin Chartered until 31 May 2015 XML Core Working Group (participants) Paul Grosso, Norman Walsh Liam Quin Chartered until 31 May 2015 XML Processing Model Working Group (participants) Norman Walsh Liam Quin Chartered until 31 May 2016 XML Query Working Group (participants) Jim Melton, Andrew Coleman Liam Quin Chartered until 31 May 2015 XSLT Working Group (participants) Sharon Adler Liam Quin, Carine Bournez Chartered until 31 May 2015 This Activity Statement was prepared for TPAC 2014 per section 5 of the W3C Process Document. Generated from group data. Liam R. E. Quin, XML Activity Lead Copyright © 2014 W3C® (MIT, ERCIM, Keio, Beihang), All Rights Reserved. W3C liability, trademark, document use and software licensing rules apply. Your interactions with this site are in accordance with our public and Member privacy statements. $Id: Activity.html,v 1.644 2018/12/18 19:12:03 ijacobs Exp $