Families Account Search Maps YouTube Play News Gmail Contacts Drive Calendar Translate Photos Shopping Duo More Finance Docs Books Blogger Hangouts Keep Jamboard Collections Even more from Google Sign in Help Your family on Google Share entertainment and stay connected with the ones you love. Create a family group with up to six family members and get the most out of Google, together. Get Started YouTube Music Premium family plans Get premium access to YouTube's new music streaming service for up to 6 family members. With the YouTube Music Premium family plan all members can enjoy their music ad-free, offline, and while their screens are locked. Learn More YouTube Premium family plans Enjoy no ads, downloads, and background play in YouTube and the YouTube Music app. Plus, unlock all YouTube Originals. A monthly paid membership for you and your household. Up to six family members, just one price. Learn More YouTube TV Stream live TV from ABC, CBS, FOX, NBC, and popular cable networks. Up to 6 household members get their own cloud DVR that never runs out of storage space. Learn More Google Play Family Library Share eligible purchased games, apps, movies, TV shows, and books with your family. Learn More Google Play Music family plan Play millions of songs ad-free and on-demand with a monthly subscription for you and your family. Learn More Google Play Pass Your pass to hundreds of games and apps, completely free of ads and in-app purchases. Family managers can share access with up to 5 other family members so everyone can enjoy on their own devices. Learn More Google One family plan Expanded storage, access to experts, and benefits across Google. Share your membership with your family, and simplify storage under one bill. Everyone gets their own private storage space, plus the additional benefits of Google One. Learn More Google Keep Capture and share ideas when inspiration strikes with features like reminders, shared lists, and notes in Keep that help your whole family stay in the loop. Learn More Family Link Create a Google Account for your kid, and stay in the loop as they explore on their device. Learn More Google Calendar Spend less time planning and more time doing with a shared family calendar that makes it easy for your whole family to keep track of group activities like picnics, movie nights and reunions -- all in one place. Learn More Privacy Terms Help Feedback Some features not available in all areas or on iPhone and iPad Google apps Main menu