Festivals  | Saskatoon StarPhoenix	 Skip to navigation Skip to content News All News Local News Saskatchewan Politics Election 2019 National World Business All Business Local Business Energy Mining Mortgages Money Technology All Technology Gaming Internet Personal Tech Science Space Tech-Biz FP Markets Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Local Sports All Local Sports U of S Huskies Saskatoon Hilltops Hockey All Hockey NHL Saskatoon Blades Football All Football CFL Saskatchewan Roughriders NFL Baseball Basketball All Basketball NBA NCAA Golf Golf Videos Soccer All Soccer International Soccer MLS MMA Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies Television All Television TV Listings Music All Music NP Music Books Celebrity Life All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes All Homes Buying & Selling Condos Decorating Gardening Renovating Vacation Homes Living Spaces Food All Food Local Food Reviews Recipes Health All Health Diet & Fitness Family & Child Men Women Seniors Sexual Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Festivals Travel Bridges Puzzles & Comics Obits Classifieds All Classifieds Flyercity Celebrating Browse Listings Place a Classifieds Ad Local Directory Careers Driving All Driving News Reviews Car Comparison Buyer’s Guide Subscription Life Festivals |Featured: StarPhoenix Sporting Christmas Canada's growing obesity crisis TheGrowthOp: Cannabis in Canada Saskatchewan Rush New Faces Election 2019 Cannabis Broncos bus crash Videos The Royals Follow the Money People Project Spotlight | More Open Search Close Search Search Videos Sign In Sign Out Subscribe Buffy Sainte-Marie wants to teach up-and-comers about the music business Before she made her way into the music business, thought she was on a completely different path. “I had a degree, and I thought I was going to become a philosophy teacher,” she laughs over the phone from her home in Hawaii. Sundog Arts and Entertainment Faire is back and ready to impress Photos: Saskatoon's Santa Claus Parade Photos: Nuit Blanche 2017 Photos: Word on the Street Photos: Sask Expo 2017 Photos: Fireworks festival in Saskatoon Photos: Saskatoon Fashion and Design Festival Photos: Ukrainian Day in the Park Dancers performed at Ukrainian Day in the Park in Kiwanis Park in Saskatoon on August 26, 2017. Festivals Photos: Folkfest Festivals Photos: Fringe Festival closing weekend Festivals 'Splits and sparkles': The Silver Starlets soar at the Fringe The Silver Starlets from Ontario have an acrobatic — and impressive — traveling act. Local Arts Photos: Fringe preview night All 34 plays in this year’s PotashCorp Fringe and Street Festival did two-minute previews at the Broadway Theatre. Here’s a cross-section. More Stories Festivals 'It's about creating a community': Anime fans get set for Ganbatte Convention It should be a colourful weekend in downtown Saskatoon as cosplayers converge on TCU Place for this year’s  The convention, which runs Saturday and Sunday from 10 a. Music Toby Keith delivered exactly what his fans expected CRAVEN — Over the past 25 years Toby Keith has earned a reputation for doing things his way and that was never more evident than at Country Thunder Saskatchewan on Saturday night. Returning to the festival for the first time since 2008, Keith showed that while many things have changed on the country music landscape […] Festivals Canadian Badlands Passion Play's new Jesus prepared for physical role When Giovanni Mocibob got the offer from Vance Neudorf, the executive director of the Canadian Badlands Passion Play, to play Jesus in the 24th edition of this world renowned outdoor spectacle, Mocibob immediately phoned his friend Aaron Krogman. Krogman had played Jesus in the Badlands Passion Play from 2013 through 2015. “I had seen versions of […] Local News Photos: Pion-Era Pion-Era was held at the Western Development Museum in Saskatoon July 8-9, 2017. Festivals Taste of Sask Scott Ford can list multiple reasons why is the best attended festival in the city, drawing around 100,000 visitors anually. Festivals Photos: Jazz Festival's last weekend The SaskTel Saskatchewan Jazz Festival wrapped up on July 2, 2017. Performances for the last weekend included Feist and Arrested Development. Music Photos: Walk Off the Earth at Sask Jazz Festival Walk Off the Earth performed on the TD Mainstage at Bessborough Gardens during the SaskTel Saskatchewan Jazz Festival on June 27, 2017. Music Photos: Sask Jazz Festival's first weekend The SaskTel Saskatchewan Jazz Festival started on June 23 and runs until July 2. Here are some highlights from opening weekend. Festivals Photos: Saskatoon Pride Parade The Saskatoon Pride Parade was held in downtown Saskatoon on June 24, 2017. Festivals Photos: Canada Remembers air show The Canada Remembers Armed Forces Day — Salute to Heroes air show was held at 17 Wing Detachment in Dundurn on June 11, 2017. Festivals Photos: Children's Festival of Saskatchewan The PotashCorp Children’s Festival of Saskatchewan opened in Kinsmen Park June 3 and runs to June 6, 2017. Local News Selling Saskatoon: How Tourism Saskatoon's Aviva Kohen gets the city noticed She only needs 10 minutes to win someone over — eight on a good day. It’s a skill Aviva Kohen has mastered thanks to a kind of speed dating. Festivals Gallery: Saskatoon New Year's Eve fireworks Saskatoon started 2017 and celebrating Canada's 150th year of confederation with a bang on New Year's Eve as fireworks were set off from the Broadway Bridge along with festivities at Kiwanis Memorial Park. Festivals Wanuskewin Seasonal Store brings Indigenous art to Broadway For the past two years, June Gareau has been tirelessly perfecting her skills in the sacred craft of birchbark biting: an Indigenous art form where thin sheets of birch bark are folded four to six times before the artist bites down on the page. Movies "La La Land the people's choice at the Toronto International Film Festival TORONTO - Fans at the Toronto International Film Festival have give the nod to director Damien Chazelle's "La La Land" in the annual People's Choice Award. Local News In pictures: Saskatoon Comic and Entertainment Expo The Saskatoon Comic and Entertainment Expo is being held at Prairieland Park this weekend. Liam Richards went along to snap some of the weird and wonderful costumes on display at the hugely popular fan-fest. Festivals Gallery: Saskatoon's PotashCorp Fireworks Festival The PotashCorp Fireworks Festival was held at River Landing in Saskatoon, with entertainment throughout the two days, September 2-3, 2016, and fireworks ending the evenings. Team Philippines presented a display on September 2, and Team Canada presented a display on September 3. Local News Fireworks to light up Saskatoon this weekend With the summer months officially at a close, Saskatoon will celebrate the end of summer with a bang at the 9th annual PotashCorp Fireworks Festival Friday and Saturday night. Page 1 of 11 Connect With Us Business of Health This section was created by Content Works, Postmedia’s commercial content division, on behalf of an Innovative Medicines Canada company. x Sponsored by an Innovative Medicines Canada company Sponsored: How innovative therapies offer hope for cancer sufferers Sponsored: a preventative lifeline throughout history Sponsored: Protecting Canadians’ access to medicine Sponsored: She was diagnosed with Stage 4 cancer on Mother’s Day Don't Miss Arts Crime Bill Cosby rails against mainstream media in Thanksgiving Twitter rant Music Alanis Morissette reveals 'Jagged Little Pill' 25th anniversary tour dates Celebrity Billy Dee Williams says he's gender fluid, sees himself as 'feminine as well as masculine' Suit Yourself Sponsored by INDOCHINO The spring trifecta: Three ways to diversify your suit collection Groom finds perfectly fitting wedding suit at a great price Whether online or brick and mortar, Indochino CEO Drew Green sees customization and personality as ... 5 Simple Steps To Take Care of Your Suit Weather Weather Currently Feels Like We want you to have the most accurate weather report you can. Please enter a valid postal code Health News DivaCup improving lives around the world Vegan sues Burger King, claiming Impossible Whoppers are contaminated by meat What to eat (and avoid) if you're trying lose weight The case for getting fitter — not slimmer: Why our obsession with weight could be ... TV Listings What's On Tonight for Find your full TV Listings here! News All News Local News Saskatchewan Politics National World Business All Business Local Business Energy Mining Mortgages Money Technology FP Markets Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Local Sports Hockey Football Baseball Basketball Golf Soccer MMA Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies Television Music Books Celebrity Life All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes Food Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Festivals Travel Bridges Puzzles & Comics 365 Bloor St East, Toronto, ON, M4W3L4, www.postmedia.com © 2019 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Classifieds Obits Careers Browse Classifieds Place an Ad Driving FlyerCity Local Directory Legal Privacy – Updated Terms Copyright Digital Ad Registry Services Advertise With Us Subscribe My Subscription Edit Profile Contact ePaper Digital Access Contests NIE Properties Calgary Herald Canada.com Edmonton Journal London Free Press Montreal Gazette National Post Ottawa Citizen Leader-Post (Regina) The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun Windsor Star Post to Cancel