Fishmongers Hall exec details how employee, patrons confronted knife-wielding London terrorist | Windsor Star	 Skip to navigation Skip to content News All News Local News National Election 2019 World Traffic Business All Business Local Business Energy Technology All Technology Gaming Internet Personal Tech Science Space Tech-Biz FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Hockey All Hockey NHL Detroit Red Wings Toronto Maple Leafs Football All Football NFL Detroit Lions CFL Baseball All Baseball Detroit Tigers Basketball All Basketball NBA NCAA Windsor Express Golf Golf Videos Soccer All Soccer International Soccer MLS Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies All Movies Movie Listings Television All Television TV Listings Music All Music NP Music Books Celebrity Life Milestones All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes All Homes Condos Decorating Gardening Renovating Vacation Homes Food All Food Local Food Reviews Recipes From the Vault Health All Health Diet & Fitness Family & Child Men Women Seniors Sexual Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Travel Obits Classifieds All Classifieds Flyercity Celebrating Browse Listings Place a Classifieds Ad Local Directory Careers Driving All Driving News Reviews Car Comparison Buyer’s Guide Subscription News World |Featured: Windsor International Film Festival Obesity Life After Death Spitfires Dying for a Drink Exit Wounds Election 2019 100 years of Point Pelee Opioid Crisis Windsor Tech Cannabis Help Wanted Anne Jarvis Windsor-Detroit bridge Woofa-Roo 2019 Reader Letters | More Open Search Close Search Search Videos Sign In Sign Out Subscribe Fishmongers Hall exec details how employee, patrons confronted knife-wielding London terrorist It all began shortly before 2 p.m. Friday at Fishmongers Hall, where Cambridge University was hosting a five-year anniversary event for Learning Together, a prison-based education program. Khan was attending the event Washington Post Updated: December 2, 2019 Floral tributes are left for Jack Merritt and Saskia Jones, who were killed in a terror attack, on December 2, 2019 in London, England. Usman Khan, a 28 year old former prisoner convicted of terrorism offences, killed two people in Fishmongers' Hall at the North end of London Bridge on Friday, November 29, before continuing his attack on the bridge. Peter Summers/Getty Images Share Adjust Comment Print LONDON —  Fresh details emerged Monday about the chaotic scenes that led up to the moment when Usman Khan, 28, was fatally shot by police Friday in a terrorist incident. In the attack near London Bridge, he killed two Cambridge graduates who were working with prisoners and stabbed at least five others. On Monday, Prime Minister Boris Johnson and Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn were among those who attended a vigil in London to honor Saskia Jones, 23, and Jack Merritt, 25, who were killed in the attack. On Sunday, the two political leaders had clashed over whose government was to blame for the early release of Khan, who served less than half of a 16-year sentence for his role in a plot to blow up the London Stock Exchange. But after Merritt’s family pleaded with politicians not to politicize their son’s death, the tone was more muted Monday. Speaking to the BBC, Toby Williamson, chief executive of Fishmongers Hall, explained how his staff and guests confronted and fought Khan. It all began shortly before 2 p.m. Friday at Fishmongers Hall, where Cambridge University was hosting a five-year anniversary event for Learning Together, a prison-based education program. Khan was attending the event. In this grab taken from video made available by @HLOBlog, a man is surrounded by police after an incident on London Bridge, in London, Friday, Nov. 29, 2019. @HLOBlog / ASSOCIATED PRESS Williamson described how an employee, whom he identified only as Lukasz and who works in the basement of the building, had been cleaning glasses there when he heard screams. He quickly ran up to the first floor of the hall, where he came across “blood, screaming and chaos,” Williamson said. Lukasz grabbed a long stick off a wall, and charged at an assailant who had two knives in his hands. Williamson said Lukasz charged at Khan’s chest with the stick, but it failed to make much impact. Police would later say that the assailant was wearing a fake explosives vest. “At that point, he’s got about a minute of one-on-one straight combat. This guy we know now by the name of Khan, he works his way up Lukasz’s pole, slashing with this knife and [Lukasz] takes five wounds to his left side and is going to lose some strength on that side,” Williamson said. Lukasz’s actions allowed time for others in the room to escape to other parts of the building, Williamson said. Two men attending the charity event — one armed with a fire extinguisher, the other with a narwhal tusk ripped off the wall – then joined the fight. Khan then ran down the main staircase and tried to flee the building. A man Williamson identified only as Andy, a former Ministry of Defense police officer, was stabbed in the chest before he reluctantly opened the door, Williamson said. People piled out of the building in pursuit of Khan, with Lukasz leading the charge. A forensics officer works outside a tent on Cannon Street near London Bridge in the City of London, on November 30, 2019, following a terror incident on London Bridge the previous night. – A man suspected of stabbing two people to death in a terror attack on London Bridge was an ex-prisoner convicted of terrorism offences and released last year, police said Saturday Niklas Halle'n / AFP “The first one after him is Lukasz,” Williamson said. He was shouting at the public to “get out of the way” and “get back.” “But I tell you what, members of the public just don’t do that nowadays. They do what they needed to do,” Williamson added. Amateur footage circulated widely on social media showed a man with a fire extinguisher and another with a narwhal tusk wrestling Khan to the ground. During the vigil at London’s Guildhall on Monday, Mayor Sadiq Khan said that the “best way to defeat this hatred” was to focus on the “values that bind us” and to take hope from the heroism of “ordinary Londoners” who “ran towards danger.” He also said that people could draw “inspiration from the lives of Jack and Saskia, who from an early age chose to dedicate themselves to helping others.” Merritt’s family has said that their son wouldn’t want the tragedy to be a pretext for introducing more draconian sentences on prisoners. David Merritt, Jack’s father, tweeted the front pages of some of Monday’s newspapers that claimed there was a “new blitz on freed jihadis.” “Don’t use my son’s death, and his and his colleague’s photos – to promote your vile propaganda. Jack stood against everything you stand for – hatred, division, ignorance,” he wrote. Windsor-Detroit border technology inspires Brexit proponents in the U.K. This Week's Flyers Comments Postmedia is pleased to bring you a new commenting experience. We are committed to maintaining a lively but civil forum for discussion and encourage all readers to share their views on our articles. Comments may take up to an hour for moderation before appearing on the site. We ask you to keep your comments relevant and respectful. Visit our Community Guidelines for more information. Sign in to Comment Connect With Us Latest Local News Local News Police arrest fleeing suspect following downtown assault Local News Ontario auditor general to assess PC climate change plan Local News Vigil walk and red ribbons mark World AIDS Day in Windsor Local News Amherstburg Diageo workers ratify 3-year contract Close Daily Headline News Thank you for subscribing to Postmedia's Newsletter. Email By clicking "Submit", I consent to receiving the above communication from Postmedia Network Inc. I understand that I may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. Submit Latest Local Business Local News Photos: Business community learns about revolutionary tech trends Members of the business community gathered Tuesday for a series of talks on new technology trends that will revolutionize businesses. Local News Chamber and Accelerator partner up to help local businesses succeed Two local business boosters announced a partnership Friday to help startups survive and thrive. With Small Business Week starting on Sunday, the Windsor-Essex Regional Chamber of Commerce and the Accelerator will now open their services to each other’s members to create a more collaborative business ecosystem. Local Business Greenhouse hydro use will soar within five years Electricity use for indoor agriculture in Chatham-Kent is expected to grow by 455 per cent by 2024, according to new research by the Independent Electricity System Operator. Books Windsor's Black Moss Press celebrates 50 years of publishing Fledgling publisher Marty Gervais had no money to buy an electric Gestetner and yet made a convincing pitch almost 50 years ago for the machine to churn out copies of poetry magazines. Traffic Weather Weather Currently Feels Like We want you to have the most accurate weather report you can. Please enter a valid postal code Share this story Fishmongers Hall exec details how employee, patrons confronted knife-wielding London terrorist Facebook Twitter Reddit Email Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn News All News Local News National World Traffic Business All Business Local Business Energy Technology FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Hockey Football Baseball Basketball Golf Soccer Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies Television Music Books Celebrity Life Milestones All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes Food From the Vault Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Travel 365 Bloor St East, Toronto, ON, M4W3L4, www.postmedia.com © 2019 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Classifieds Obits Careers Browse Classifieds Place a Classified Ad Celebrating Driving FlyerCity Local Directory Legal Privacy – Updated Terms Copyright & Permissions Digital Ad Registry Services Advertise With Us Subscribe My Subscription Edit Profile Contact ePaper Digital Access Contests Partnerships Properties Calgary Herald Canada.com Edmonton Journal London Free Press Montreal Gazette National Post Ottawa Citizen Leader-Post (Regina) The StarPhoenix (Saskatoon) The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun