Flood watch issued for Windsor-Essex | Windsor Star	 Skip to navigation Skip to content News All News Local News National Election 2019 World Traffic Business All Business Local Business Energy Technology All Technology Gaming Internet Personal Tech Science Space Tech-Biz FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Hockey All Hockey NHL Detroit Red Wings Toronto Maple Leafs Football All Football NFL Detroit Lions CFL Baseball All Baseball Detroit Tigers Basketball All Basketball NBA NCAA Windsor Express Golf Golf Videos Soccer All Soccer International Soccer MLS Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies All Movies Movie Listings Television All Television TV Listings Music All Music NP Music Books Celebrity Life Milestones All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes All Homes Condos Decorating Gardening Renovating Vacation Homes Food All Food Local Food Reviews Recipes From the Vault Health All Health Diet & Fitness Family & Child Men Women Seniors Sexual Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Travel Obits Classifieds All Classifieds Flyercity Celebrating Browse Listings Place a Classifieds Ad Local Directory Careers Driving All Driving News Reviews Car Comparison Buyer’s Guide Subscription News Local News |Featured: Windsor International Film Festival Obesity Life After Death Spitfires Dying for a Drink Exit Wounds Election 2019 100 years of Point Pelee Opioid Crisis Windsor Tech Cannabis Help Wanted Anne Jarvis Windsor-Detroit bridge Woofa-Roo 2019 Reader Letters | More Open Search Close Search Search Videos Sign In Sign Out Subscribe Flood watch issued for Windsor-Essex Sharon Hill, Windsor Star Updated: December 1, 2019 High waves are shown along Erie Shore Drive in Chatham-Kent on Wednesday afternoon. Trevor Terfloth / Chatham Daily News Share Adjust Comment Print A flood watch was issued Saturday for Lake St. Clair, Detroit River and Lake Erie shorelines in Windsor-Essex. Strong winds in the forecast Saturday through Sunday out of the east prompted the Essex Region Conservation Authority to issue a flood watch for the region including Pelee Island. The flood watch advisory said a low pressure system west of the region has caused strong easterly winds over Lake Erie and that forecasts say wind speeds could increase to 40 kilometres an hour by Saturday night with frequent gusts exceeding 50 kilometres per hour. The strong winds could last into Sunday morning. “Due to the combination of wind speed, direction, and current high lake levels, there is a possibility of flooding, nearshore erosion, with waves overtopping and spray. Forecasts are showing waves between 1.5 and 2 metres in height overnight,” said the advisory issued Saturday morning. “In the areas of direct wave attack, there is the possibility of break wall damage.” The windy weather could elevate water levels in the western basin of Lake Erie, the Detroit River, and Lake St. Clair and the most affected areas are expected to be Leamington between Wheatley Harbour and Point Pelee National Park, the Lake Erie shoreline including Pelee Island, the Lake St. Clair shoreline and Detroit River shoreline with the potential for elevated water levels. Related Climate change, year of flood watches storms Detroit River conference The conservation authority advised people to take extra caution to avoid areas where there is flooding including rivers, streams and the shoreline. The advisory is in effect until Sunday at noon. There were no new flood warnings issued Sunday. The Windsor weather forecast includes the risk of a thunderstorm Saturday night and early Sunday morning. The rain is expected to end Sunday morning with a 60 per cent chance of drizzle and a high of 7 Celsuis. According to Environment Canada, Monday is expected to have a high of 3 Celsuis with a 40 per cent chance of flurries. shill@postmedia.com   Windsor woman dies in Chatham-Kent crash Next phase launched in ongoing effort to save historic Assumption Church This Week's Flyers Comments Postmedia is pleased to bring you a new commenting experience. We are committed to maintaining a lively but civil forum for discussion and encourage all readers to share their views on our articles. Comments may take up to an hour for moderation before appearing on the site. We ask you to keep your comments relevant and respectful. Visit our Community Guidelines for more information. Sign in to Comment Connect With Us Weather Weather Currently Feels Like We want you to have the most accurate weather report you can. Please enter a valid postal code Latest National News World Fishmongers Hall exec details how employee and patrons fought knife-wielding London terrorist World 'Sweating all over me': BBC to air interview with Virginia Giuffre, who says she was ... World Ex-FBI lawyer Lisa Page says Trump's 'demeaning fake orgasm' was the last straw Share this story Flood watch issued for Windsor-Essex Facebook Twitter Reddit Email Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn News All News Local News National World Traffic Business All Business Local Business Energy Technology FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Hockey Football Baseball Basketball Golf Soccer Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies Television Music Books Celebrity Life Milestones All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes Food From the Vault Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Travel 365 Bloor St East, Toronto, ON, M4W3L4, www.postmedia.com © 2019 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Classifieds Obits Careers Browse Classifieds Place a Classified Ad Celebrating Driving FlyerCity Local Directory Legal Privacy – Updated Terms Copyright & Permissions Digital Ad Registry Services Advertise With Us Subscribe My Subscription Edit Profile Contact ePaper Digital Access Contests Partnerships Properties Calgary Herald Canada.com Edmonton Journal London Free Press Montreal Gazette National Post Ottawa Citizen Leader-Post (Regina) The StarPhoenix (Saskatoon) The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun