Football News | Scores, Schedules & Standings  | Windsor Star	 Skip to navigation Skip to content News All News Local News National Election 2019 World Traffic Business All Business Local Business Energy Technology All Technology Gaming Internet Personal Tech Science Space Tech-Biz FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Hockey All Hockey NHL Detroit Red Wings Toronto Maple Leafs Football All Football NFL Detroit Lions CFL Baseball All Baseball Detroit Tigers Basketball All Basketball NBA NCAA Windsor Express Golf Golf Videos Soccer All Soccer International Soccer MLS Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies All Movies Movie Listings Television All Television TV Listings Music All Music NP Music Books Celebrity Life Milestones All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes All Homes Condos Decorating Gardening Renovating Vacation Homes Food All Food Local Food Reviews Recipes From the Vault Health All Health Diet & Fitness Family & Child Men Women Seniors Sexual Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Travel Obits Classifieds All Classifieds Flyercity Celebrating Browse Listings Place a Classifieds Ad Local Directory Careers Driving All Driving News Reviews Car Comparison Buyer’s Guide Subscription Sports Football NFL Detroit Lions CFL |Featured: Library Strike Fit Tips Kelly Steele Windsor In Pictures | More Open Search Close Search Search Videos Sign In Sign Out Subscribe No. 1 Ohio State wins 8th straight over No. 13 Michigan Justin Fields passed for 302 yards and four touchdowns, J.K. Dobbins rushed for a career-high 211 yards and four scores, and top-ranked Ohio State defeated No. Coghlin kicks Michigan State over Maryland NCAA FOOTBALL: Let’s hurry up and get to more chaos to round out the regular ... How Bo revived Michigan: by stymying Ohio State’s fullback Trubisky rallies Bears to Thanksgiving win over Lions CFL B.C. Lions expected to name Rick Campbell new head coach 'The best week of my life': Bombers' Streveler on the fun, the fashion and the ... Vanstone: Hockey's culture change is long overdue NFL Snapping losing streak does not change uncertainty around Lions as trade deadline nears Lions season appears to be slipping away after third-straight loss Lions' Patricia wants to move forward after controversial officiating helps Packers to win Even in defeat, Lions believe they are a team capable of big things Lions cut vets Anderson, Johnson while adding Perkins and Driskel Stafford, Lions come from behind to beat Chargers Detroit Lions More Football Third-string QB likely to start for Lions vs. Bears The Detroit Lions probably would prefer to hide rather than have their warts exposed to a national television audience on Thanksgiving Day. Detroit Lions Bears, Lions both seek happy Thanksgiving Football Lamar Jackson throws for 5 TDs as Ravens destroy Rams Detroit Lions Redskins' Dwayne Haskins missed the final snap because he took a selfie. Now that selfie ... CFL 'DREAM COME TRUE': Blue Bombers down Ticats to win Grey Cup Detroit Lions Redskins rally past Lions for second win of season CFL Essex's Revenberg and Belle River's Desjarlais to battle for Grey Cup NCAA Michigan State coach Dantonio says he'll return in 2020 Football Gronk's big announcement about his Super Bowl party plans, not playing Ex-Patriots star Rob Gronkowski teases 'big announcement' Prescott passes for 444 yards as Cowboys defeat Lions Lions' Flowers, Ragnow suffer head injuries NFL Kryk’s picks for NFL Week 11 Mid November. Time to get serious. Still alive in your survivor pool? Or just need something to read before making your Week 11 picks, straight up, not against the spread? Well here you go. NCAA Patterson powers No. 15 Michigan past Michigan State Shea Patterson passed for 384 yards and four touchdowns and No. 15 Michigan overwhelmed rival Michigan State 44-10 on Saturday in Ann Arbor, Mich. Football Kaepernick 'ready to play' after working out for 8 teams Quarterback Colin Kaepernick worked out for 40 minutes in front of representatives from eight NFL teams on Saturday near Atlanta, then gave a short statement afterward saying he is ready to join a team and play at any time. Football 'BUSH LEAGUE': Browns' Garrett ejected for swinging helmet at Steelers QB Baker Mayfield threw for two touchdowns, and the Cleveland defence beat down and beat up the visiting Pittsburgh Steelers on Thursday night, resulting in a 21-7 win for Cleveland defensive end Myles Garrett was ejected Thursday after pulling the helmet off of Pittsburgh’s Mason Rudolph and then striking the Steelers quarterback in the bare head with the helmet. Football Former coaches Jackson, Philbin to run Kaepernick's open workout Colin Kaepernick’s open workout for all 32 teams in Atlanta on Saturday will be led by former Cleveland Browns head coach Hue Jackson, with former Miami Dolphins head coach Joe Philbin also participating, the NFL announced in a statement Thursday. Detroit Lions Stafford remains uncertain as Cowboys visit Lions The Dallas Cowboys have become increasingly reliant on the right arm of Dak Prescott, and for good reason. Football Dolphins, Lions to attend Kaepernick's NFL audition The Miami Dolphins and other clubs will attend Colin Kaepernick’s audition at a hosted by the National Football League (NFL) on Saturday, opening the possibility that the former quarterback could return to the game three years after his protests against racial injustice roiled the sport. Football Colin Kaepernick to work out for NFL teams on Saturday Quarterback Colin Kaepernick, who last played in the NFL in 2016, will have a private workout for teams on Saturday in Atlanta. NCAA No. 15 Michigan rolls into rivalry vs. Michigan State For a change, Jim Harbaugh isn’t the coach feeling the most heat heading into one of Michigan’s rivalry games. Football Seahawks' OT field goal ends 49ers' perfect run Jason Myers kicked a 42-yard field goal as time expired in overtime Monday night, allowing the visiting Seattle Seahawks to hand the San Francisco 49ers their first defeat of the season, 27-24. Detroit Lions Former Lions WR Rogers dies at 38 Former Detroit Lions wide receiver and No. 2 overall draft pick Charles Rogers has died at 38. “We are deeply saddened to learn of the passing of Charles Rogers,” the Lions said in a statement Monday. Detroit Lions NFL reportedly investigating Detroit Lions following Stafford scratch Matthew Stafford was scratched with a back injury by the Detroit Lions before Sunday’s game at Chicago, and the NFL reportedly is looking into when the team knew its quarterback wouldn’t be able to go against the Bears. Detroit Lions Trubisky, Bears hang on to beat Stafford-less Lions Mitch Trubisky threw for 173 yards and three touchdowns to help the host Chicago Bears snap a four-game losing streak with a 20-13 victory against the Detroit Lions on Sunday afternoon. Detroit Lions Reports: Lions QB Stafford's status vs. Bears in doubt Detroit Lions quarterback Matthew Stafford could wind up missing Sunday’s game at Chicago, according to multiple reports on Saturday. NCAA Illinois storms from 25 down to beat Michigan State Brandon Peters hit Daniel Barker with a 5-yard touchdown pass with five seconds to play as Illinois erased a 25-point deficit and defeated Michigan State 37-34 on Saturday in East Lansing, Mich. NFL NFL notebook: Mahomes to start vs. Titans Kansas City Chiefs star quarterback Patrick Mahomes will return from a two-game absence to start Sunday against the Tennessee Titans, coach Andy Reid announced Friday. Football Antonio Brown fires off profanity-filled tweet Antonio Brown let loose with a profanity-filled tweet aimed at the NFL on Thursday, one week before he is scheduled to meet with the league to discuss the investigation into allegations of sexual assault and rape made against the wide receiver in a civil suit earlier this year. NFL KRYKSLANTS: Yessir, Lamar Jackson is an NFL quarterback A year ago March, the top 2018 NFL quarterback prospects took turns speaking to reporters at the Scouting Combine. Page 1 of 113 Connect With Us SCORES More Football Stories Detroit Lions Raiders stop Lions at 1 in final seconds to seal win Football Beefeaters win the physical war to upset Fratmen for OFC title Football Quarterbacks Allen, Mailloux guide AKO's record-setting air attack into OFC final NFL With or without Brees, Saints set for Cardinals Weather Weather Currently Feels Like We want you to have the most accurate weather report you can. Please enter a valid postal code Traffic More Sports Stories Louisville claims No. 1, Michigan debuts at No. 4 in poll Pistons rout Spurs behind Wood's career-high 28 points Gasol and Conley meet for first time as Raptors crush Jazz Spitfires no longer at top of conference standings after back-to-back losses Hamilton ends the F1 season with victory in Abu Dhabi Grand Prix This Week's Flyers News All News Local News National World Traffic Business All Business Local Business Energy Technology FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Hockey Football Baseball Basketball Golf Soccer Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies Television Music Books Celebrity Life Milestones All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes Food From the Vault Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Travel 365 Bloor St East, Toronto, ON, M4W3L4, www.postmedia.com © 2019 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Classifieds Obits Careers Browse Classifieds Place a Classified Ad Celebrating Driving FlyerCity Local Directory Legal Privacy – Updated Terms Copyright & Permissions Digital Ad Registry Services Advertise With Us Subscribe My Subscription Edit Profile Contact ePaper Digital Access Contests Partnerships Properties Calgary Herald Canada.com Edmonton Journal London Free Press Montreal Gazette National Post Ottawa Citizen Leader-Post (Regina) The StarPhoenix (Saskatoon) The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun Post to Cancel