For director John Crowley, The Goldfinch started from a very small, very personal place | Windsor Star	 Skip to navigation Skip to content News All News Local News National Election 2019 World Traffic Business All Business Local Business Energy Technology All Technology Gaming Internet Personal Tech Science Space Tech-Biz FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Hockey All Hockey NHL Detroit Red Wings Toronto Maple Leafs Football All Football NFL Detroit Lions CFL Baseball All Baseball Detroit Tigers Basketball All Basketball NBA NCAA Windsor Express Golf Golf Videos Soccer All Soccer International Soccer MLS Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies All Movies Movie Listings Television All Television TV Listings Music All Music NP Music Books Celebrity Life Milestones All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes All Homes Condos Decorating Gardening Renovating Vacation Homes Food All Food Local Food Reviews Recipes From the Vault Health All Health Diet & Fitness Family & Child Men Women Seniors Sexual Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Travel Obits Classifieds All Classifieds Flyercity Celebrating Browse Listings Place a Classifieds Ad Local Directory Careers Driving All Driving News Reviews Car Comparison Buyer’s Guide Subscription Arts Movies Movie Listings |Featured: Windsor International Film Festival Dalson Chen Concerts & Events Live & Local Latest Movie News | More Open Search Close Search Search Videos Sign In Sign Out Subscribe For director John Crowley, The Goldfinch started from a very small, very personal place 'Your relationship to a painting in a museum when you stand and look at it is there’s nothing between you and it' Chris Knight Updated: September 12, 2019 Nicole Kidman, Ansel Elgort in The Goldfinch. Courtesy of TIFF Share Adjust Comment Print The Goldfinch was a 2013 novel by Donna Tartt that won the Pulitzer Prize and divided critics, some of whom called its sprawling, 784-page tale childish. It’s now a movie from Warner Bros. and Amazon, with a budget of $40 million, a cast that includes Nicole Kidman, Jeffrey Wright and Ansel Elgort, and its own two-and-a-half-hour sprawl that has not endeared it to its own critics. But for director John Crowley (Brooklyn) it all started from a very small place. “The Goldfinch” is a 1654 oil painting by Dutch master Carel Fabritius. About the size of the latest laptop, it depicts a tiny bird chained to its perch. Director John Crowley speaks during a press conference for The Goldfinch at the Toronto International Film Festival. GEOFF ROBINS/AFP/Getty Images Crowley visited it three times at the Mauritshuis, the art museum in the Netherlands where it hangs. “I was sucker-punched by the power of it,” he recalls of his first viewing. “It’s enormously powerful for this tiny thing.” Crowley, in Toronto for the world premiere of The Goldfinch, remembers feeling that the painting was looking back at him. “After about five minutes, you’re convinced that that bird is breathing, and that it’s got a tension in it that looks like it’s about to take off and fly, or about to make a noise.” He was also struck by the quality of light in the work. “It’s a painting that does seem to glow from the inside out,” he says. “It’s like there’s a tiny little bit of a light on inside it. And so I can see why it has a power that could lead one to be slightly obsessive about it.” In the film, Elgort plays Theodore, a young man who lost his mother when they were in an art gallery during a bombing. (Oakes Fegley plays the character as a boy.) Theo leaves the rubble of the gallery clutching the painting, and a ring that will lead him to a father figure played by Jeffrey Wright. For years, he hides the painting as his guilt over the theft grows. Crowley returned to The Goldfinch in the Netherlands with Roger Deakins, the famed cinematographer (an Oscar winner for Blade Runner 2049) who was director of photography on the film. Both men grappled with the notion of showing the canvas on the big screen. “Your relationship to a painting in a museum when you stand and look at it is there’s nothing between you and it,” says Crowley. “And the power of it – it’s the original artefact – will either work on you or it doesn’t. Whereas you point a camera at it and you can’t assume that the camera will capture what is special about the painting. It’s almost like they talk different languages.” So he and Deakins decided to take a narrative step backwards: “You have to care about the character caring about it, to be concerned about its fate.” But he also rejects the idea that The Goldfinch could be anything; that it’s the movie’s MacGuffin, that Hitchcockian term for whatever it is the character yearns for. “It can be a very lazy term to mean everything and nothing,” Crowley notes. “I wouldn’t say it’s a MacGuffin. His relationship to it in the film is an emotional one, and he becomes fused to it. He gets stuck in his grief.” At an event to honour Meryl Streep, TIFF co-head Joana Vicente shines ‘Genre doesn’t have to be generic’: New voices get a platform at TIFF’s Midnight Madness In other words, it had to be The Goldfinch, a fact that Crowley grew even more convinced of after those visits to its perch in the Netherlands, when he swore it was about to take flight. “You think it’s just you projecting – and of course it’s you projecting – but it’s you meeting something illusory which is convincing your brain that it’s real. “And that’s one of things that Tartt is writing about, which is the nature of what’s real and what’s unreal.” Painting, novel or film, The Goldfinch is all at once. The Goldfinch opens across Canada on Sept. 13. Get ready to geek out at Windsor ComiCon 2019 this weekend Windsor Jewish Film Festival returns for 2019 This Week's Flyers Connect With Us Close Daily Headline News Thank you for subscribing to Postmedia's Newsletter. Email By clicking "Submit", I consent to receiving the above communication from Postmedia Network Inc. I understand that I may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. Submit TV Listings What's On Tonight for Find your full TV Listings here! Weather Weather Currently Feels Like We want you to have the most accurate weather report you can. Please enter a valid postal code Share this story For director John Crowley, The Goldfinch started from a very small, very personal place Facebook Twitter Reddit Email Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn News All News Local News National World Traffic Business All Business Local Business Energy Technology FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Hockey Football Baseball Basketball Golf Soccer Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies Television Music Books Celebrity Life Milestones All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes Food From the Vault Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Travel 365 Bloor St East, Toronto, ON, M4W3L4, www.postmedia.com © 2019 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Classifieds Obits Careers Browse Classifieds Place a Classified Ad Celebrating Driving FlyerCity Local Directory Legal Privacy – Updated Terms Copyright & Permissions Digital Ad Registry Services Advertise With Us Subscribe My Subscription Edit Profile Contact ePaper Digital Access Contests Partnerships Properties Calgary Herald Canada.com Edmonton Journal London Free Press Montreal Gazette National Post Ottawa Citizen Leader-Post (Regina) The StarPhoenix (Saskatoon) The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun