From the Vault  | Windsor Star	 Skip to navigation Skip to content News All News Local News National Election 2019 World Traffic Business All Business Local Business Energy Technology All Technology Gaming Internet Personal Tech Science Space Tech-Biz FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Hockey All Hockey NHL Detroit Red Wings Toronto Maple Leafs Football All Football NFL Detroit Lions CFL Baseball All Baseball Detroit Tigers Basketball All Basketball NBA NCAA Windsor Express Golf Golf Videos Soccer All Soccer International Soccer MLS Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies All Movies Movie Listings Television All Television TV Listings Music All Music NP Music Books Celebrity Life Milestones All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes All Homes Condos Decorating Gardening Renovating Vacation Homes Food All Food Local Food Reviews Recipes From the Vault Health All Health Diet & Fitness Family & Child Men Women Seniors Sexual Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Travel Obits Classifieds All Classifieds Flyercity Celebrating Browse Listings Place a Classifieds Ad Local Directory Careers Driving All Driving News Reviews Car Comparison Buyer’s Guide Subscription Life From the Vault |Featured: Milestones Fit Tips Windsor In Pictures Kelly Steele | More Open Search Close Search Search Videos Sign In Sign Out Subscribe From The Vault: Sayvette Store at Tecumseh Mall The Sayvette store at Tecumseh Mall closed on Oct. 22, 1975. From The Vault: Chewitt Beach From The Vault: Strawberry Festival From The Vault: Milk Delivery Resumes From The Vault: Orthodox Easter From the Vault From The Vault: Tigers Home Opener It's opening day in Detroit and we've thrown together some of our favourite pictures from opening day over the years. Check them out! From the Vault From The Vault: Sacred Heart Crucifix An altar server gazes at the crucifix in Sacred Heart Church in LaSalle on April 11, 1963. From the Vault From The Vault: Walkerville Brewery Fleet These three modern trucks shown above on Sept. 11, 1937 are part of a fleet of twelve heavy-duty transports operated throughout Ontario by the Walkerville Brewery, Ltd. From the Vault From The Vault: St. Paddy's Day The wearing of the green - With their shillelaghs in hand, Darren Sills, 9 (left) and Buddy Martel, 8, do a jig to celebrate March 17, 1977 in honour of St. Patrick, the patron saint of Ireland. From the Vault From The Vault: Ash Wednesday The tradition of Ash Wednesday, the beginning of Lent, was celebrated across the area on Feb. 19, 1980. Eight-year-old Jeff Watson, a Grade 3 student at St. Andrew School, receives ashes from Fr. Larry Brunet. From the Vault From The Vault: Fat Tuesday Tuesday is Shrove Tuesday, a day when pancakes are the traditional food. From the Vault From The Vault: Sandwich Street East These three old Sandwich Street east store buildings, pictured on Jan. 17, 1953, have been purchased by a Windsor department store and will be torn down. From the Vault From The Vault: Ferry Company Dock The old Ferry Company docks, below Sandwich Street (now Riverside Drive) and west of Ouellette Avenue, are pictured on Jan. 5, 1953. From the Vault From The Vault: Christmas Card 1956 The biggest Christmas card ever given to Windsor is the gift of the Windsor division of Ford of Canada in 1956. From the Vault From The Vault: Canadian Tire The Old and the New - The new main entrance to the Canadian Tire Store, Dougall Avenue at Chatham Street, is framed in glass in this April 15, 1968 file photo. Page 1 of 68 Connect With Us Latest Food Stories Cancer patients are losing valuable time — and risking their lives — with alternative therapies, ... Bypassing the heart bypass (with video) SUN RUN: Fitness goals must push us, but not drain us Suit Yourself Sponsored by INDOCHINO The spring trifecta: Three ways to diversify your suit collection Groom finds perfectly fitting wedding suit at a great price Whether online or brick and mortar, Indochino CEO Drew Green sees customization and personality as ... 5 Simple Steps To Take Care of Your Suit TV Listings What's On Tonight for Find your full TV Listings here! Weather Weather Currently Feels Like We want you to have the most accurate weather report you can. Please enter a valid postal code Top Health News Local News UWindsor chef serves up healthy skin care Local News Allowing abused women to bring their pets to crisis shelters could save lives, UWindsor profs ... Local News Windsor-Essex first in Ontario with tool to reduce idled ambulances Local News Violence against long-term care workers, nurses at alarming levels across Ontario Diet & Fitness $6M for bike lanes, trails to build on 'tremendous growth' in cycling across Essex County News All News Local News National World Traffic Business All Business Local Business Energy Technology FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Hockey Football Baseball Basketball Golf Soccer Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies Television Music Books Celebrity Life Milestones All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes Food From the Vault Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Travel 365 Bloor St East, Toronto, ON, M4W3L4, www.postmedia.com © 2019 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Classifieds Obits Careers Browse Classifieds Place a Classified Ad Celebrating Driving FlyerCity Local Directory Legal Privacy – Updated Terms Copyright & Permissions Digital Ad Registry Services Advertise With Us Subscribe My Subscription Edit Profile Contact ePaper Digital Access Contests Partnerships Properties Calgary Herald Canada.com Edmonton Journal London Free Press Montreal Gazette National Post Ottawa Citizen Leader-Post (Regina) The StarPhoenix (Saskatoon) The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun Post to Cancel