Game Preview - Jazz v 76ers | NBA | Sports | The StarPhoenix       NBA Game Preview - Jazz v 76ers   NBA Basketball Home | Scoreboard | Stats | Standings | Teams | Players | Player News | Injuries | Transactions | Live Odds Sixers risk 9-game home winning streak in hosting Jazz According to STATS According to STATS Utah Jazz at Philadelphia 76ers The Jazz have now lost three of their last four games after a 130-110 loss at Toronto on Sunday. Utah has allowed at least 120 points in four of their last five games, after surrendering no more than 114 points in any of the team's first 15 games of the season. The 76ers have won three straight games, and seven of their last eight overall. Philadelphia is 9-0 at home this season; a win tonight against the Jazz would give the 76ers their second 10-0 start at home in as many seasons. Philadelphia is the only team in the NBA limiting its opponents to fewer than 10 made three-pointers per game (9.5). The Sixers are 9-2 this season when holding their opponent to single-digit three-pointers, and their 11 such games doing so are the most in the NBA. In three games since being held scoreless, Joel Embiid has averaged 30.7 points while shooting 90.9 percent (40-for-44) from the free-throw line. Embiid went 15-for-15 from the line last game, becoming the first Sixer to be perfect on 15 or more free-throw attempts in a game since Allen Iverson on December 2, 2006 (also 15-for-15). Donovan Mitchell led the Jazz with 24 points in Utah's 106-104 win over Philadelphia on November 6. Mitchell has averaged 20.6 points per game in his career against Philadelphia, but his 35.6 field-goal percentage against the Sixers is his lowest against any opponent. The 76ers are 22-3 in their last 25 home games against Western Conference opponents. Utah is 3-3 against Eastern Conference teams this season, but all three losses have come on the road. NBA Headlines Bucks host Knicks riding 11-game run Sixers seek 10-0 home start, face Jazz Mavs snap Lakers’ 10-game winning streak Leonard, George help Clips rout Wizards Heat end on 10-0 run to get past Nets Pistons blow out Spurs behind Wood's 28 Short-handed Grizzlies win at Minnesota OKC rides late 12-0 run to beat Pelicans Fournier has 32, lifts Magic by Warriors Harden scores 60 in 31 minutes in rout (AP Photo/Matt Slocum) The Philadelphia 76ers will be searching for their fourth consecutive win when they host the Utah Jazz on Monday. The Sixers will also be looking to remain perfect at home after nine straight wins to start the season, the last a hard-fought 119-116 victory over the Indiana Pacers on Saturday. Joel Embiid led the way for the Sixers with 32 points and 11 rebounds while hitting all 15 of his free throws. Tobias Harris scored 22 points, Al Horford added 15 and Ben Simmons had 15 points, 13 assists, six rebounds and four steals. The Sixers scrambled for the win and Simmons sealed it with three steals in the final 14 seconds. Simmons has been criticized for the lack of a jump shot, but his defense has been stellar all season. "The plays that he can make from an athletic standpoint and the plays he can make from a physical standpoint (late) in the game are just elite," Sixers head coach Brett Brown said. "You hear me cheerlead the cause of him being on an NBA All-Defensive team, and it's examples like that (late steal) that make it a no-brainer." Following the first scoreless performance of his career on the road against the Toronto Raptors on Nov. 25, Embiid has responded with three strong games. He also played in a back-to-back situation for the second time this season, which bodes well in the long run in terms of conditioning. "Indiana is a pretty good team, so any time you get a win like that, it's always great," Embiid said. "There is so much more that we can improve on, so we are going to keep on getting better." Guard Josh Richardson (hip) missed the game against the Pacers, and his status remains questionable for Monday. The Jazz defeated the Sixers by two points earlier this season and will be looking for a sweep. Utah will also have some extra motivation after a difficult 130-110 loss Sunday at Toronto. The Raptors led 77-37 at halftime, making it the largest halftime deficit in Jazz history. Mike Conley led Utah with 20 points, Jeff Green added 19 and Donovan Mitchell had 16. Mitchell is the 13th-leading scorer in the league, averaging 24.9 points per game. Rudy Gobert also had 12 points and 11 rebounds. The statistics were virtually meaningless in the rout at Toronto. It was Utah's third loss in four games on this five-game trip which concludes against the Sixers. "We were awful. I think the important thing for us is to understand why," Jazz head coach Quin Snyder said. "There were a lot of issues -- but our urgency to make certain things important defensively, whether that be an assignment, sprinting back and not jogging back against a team that runs the way they do. There were too many breakdowns and too many possessions where we lacked the urgency we needed." Snyder pulled his starters midway through the fourth quarter so they should be fresh in the finale of the road trip against the Sixers. But it won't matter if the Jazz don't start faster than they did against the Raptors. "We were so far down in the first half it was difficult, no matter how well we played," Snyder said. "Our focus in the first half has to be better." --Field Level Media Updated December 2, 2019 © 2019 by STATS. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS is strictly prohibited.            