Gasol and Conley meet for first time as Raptors crush Jazz | Windsor Star	 Skip to navigation Skip to content News All News Local News National Election 2019 World Traffic Business All Business Local Business Energy Technology All Technology Gaming Internet Personal Tech Science Space Tech-Biz FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Hockey All Hockey NHL Detroit Red Wings Toronto Maple Leafs Football All Football NFL Detroit Lions CFL Baseball All Baseball Detroit Tigers Basketball All Basketball NBA NCAA Windsor Express Golf Golf Videos Soccer All Soccer International Soccer MLS Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies All Movies Movie Listings Television All Television TV Listings Music All Music NP Music Books Celebrity Life Milestones All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes All Homes Condos Decorating Gardening Renovating Vacation Homes Food All Food Local Food Reviews Recipes From the Vault Health All Health Diet & Fitness Family & Child Men Women Seniors Sexual Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Travel Obits Classifieds All Classifieds Flyercity Celebrating Browse Listings Place a Classifieds Ad Local Directory Careers Driving All Driving News Reviews Car Comparison Buyer’s Guide Subscription Sports Basketball NBA NCAA Windsor Express |Featured: Library Strike Fit Tips Kelly Steele Windsor In Pictures | More Open Search Close Search Search Videos Sign In Sign Out Subscribe Gasol and Conley meet for first time as Raptors crush Jazz Ryan Wolstat Updated: December 2, 2019 Toronto Raptors forward Pascal Siakam looks to make a play against Utah Jazz forward Jeff Green during the first half at Scotiabank Arena. John E. Sokolowski / USA TODAY Sports Share Adjust Comment Print Marc Gasol and Mike Conley played 718 regular season or playoff games together as teammates with the Memphis Grizzlies. On Sunday night in Toronto they were opponents for the first time and it was a game neither will likely ever forget. Not just because it still feels a bit odd for either of them to see each other in different uniforms, but also because of how one-sided the contest was: Toronto won 130-110. Pascal Siakam had 35 points, Fred VanVleet added 21 and 11 assists. Conley had 20 for the visitors while Gasol had 11, all in the first part of the opening quarter. The Raptors led by 40, yes, 40, points at the half, a franchise record and a franchise-worst for the visiting Utah Jazz. Pascal Siakam, coming off of his worst game of the season, had 19 in the first quarter alone, Gasol had 11. Toronto moved the ball beautifully and went on a 23-2 run early, while the Jazz had all kinds of trouble putting the ball in the basket. The Raptors started 10-for-16 from three. Utah started 3-for-17. Utah had three assists through 14 minutes, the Raptors had 19. It was that kind of domination, for a half and with Gasol being uncharacteristically assertive. “I knew he was going to do that, somehow,” Conley said afterward. “I’ve watched a lot of the game and I told the guys ‘I guarantee you he’s going shoot a lot more tonight, whether he’s playing me or whatever, he’s going to be aggressive. With him stretching the floor like that early it really threw off what we were trying to do, but that’s what makes him so dangerous. He’s capable of doing it any night and doing whatever it takes for his team.” The two teams basically switched places, Freaky Friday style, in the third quarter. The Jazz put up a franchise-best 49 points in the frame, making 18 baskets after sinking only 13 through two quarters, and shooting a blistering 72% from the floor, including 8-for-10 from behind the arc. Conley shot 5-for-5 in the third for 13 points and Donovan Mitchell added 11. The Jazz shaved 19 points off of the deficit all in all and continued to claw away in the fourth, but Siakam and Fred VanVleet were great again in the fourth and the Raptors held off the charge as Utah eventually waved a white flag with another game coming to end this road trip on Monday. Some coaches would have harped on the letdown in the third, but Nick Nurse declined to do that. “I don’t know, I don’t want to really talk about that third quarter if that’s all right? I’m happy that we get a 20-point win against a quality team like that,” he said. “You take that every day of the week.” Toronto improved to 9-0 at home, tied for best in the NBA with Philadelphia. Miami (8-0) and Boston (7-0) are also undefeated at home. TEMPORARY RAPTORS FAN Not surprisingly, Conley was cheering for Gasol and the Raptors during the playoffs. “Man I watched every game and was rooting and hoping and praying, then they brought it home, so it was pretty cool,” Conley said when asked whether he became a Raptors fan for a bit. Gasol Face-timed Conley after winning the title, leading to some mixed emotions. “First (reaction) was pure happiness, and then I was thinking in my head like, ‘Wow, he’s got champagne all in his beard and I’m sitting at home,’” Conley recalled. “You know, I started feeling sorry for myself for a second, but, no man, it was all happiness directly towards him because I know how special it was for him. We were talking about that thing all our career, having an experience like that for himself is amazing). Just happy for him,” Conley said. He also greatly enjoyed Gasol’s post-championship hijinxs at the team’s victory parade. Gasol guzzled an entire bottle of wine on a float. “I haven’t seen that Marc in a long time. And that was fun to see,” Conley said with a laugh. When told this a few minutes later, Gasol agreed, quipping, “I miss that guy.” He was talking about his younger self, but he just as easily could have been referring to his good friend Conley. TALKING THROUGH IT As their time in Memphis wound down after so many years of success, both Gasol and Conley weren’t sure they wanted to leave. “It was kind of the same thing. I think we both wanted to stay there,” Gasol said. “At the end of the day, we’re both happy that we moved on and both got traded. It was the same situation for both. I remember, we had a meeting with management there. And they presented, not kind of that they wanted to trade us, but, ‘OK, what do you want to do?’ We were like, ‘We can fix it. Let’s go. We’re not there far. Blah, blah, blah, blah.’ They traded both of us,” Gasol said with a smile. Gasol was moved to Toronto at the trade deadline, but Conley didn’t head to Utah until the off-season. At which point he consulted with Gasol about the big change. “Yeah, we talked a lot. I talked to him before the trade, just kind of getting an idea what it’s gonna be like and then afterwards he was excited for me and just wishing me well and looking forward to this moment to be able to play against each other, that kind of thing. It was nice to have a guy who just went through it to talk to,” Conley said. rwolstat@postmedia.com twitter.com/WolstatSun Windsor fans pose with Toronto Raptors championship trophy This Week's Flyers Comments Postmedia is pleased to bring you a new commenting experience. We are committed to maintaining a lively but civil forum for discussion and encourage all readers to share their views on our articles. Comments may take up to an hour for moderation before appearing on the site. We ask you to keep your comments relevant and respectful. Visit our Community Guidelines for more information. Sign in to Comment Connect With Us SCORES Close Daily Sports Newsletter Thank you for subscribing to Postmedia's Newsletter. Email By clicking "Submit", I consent to receiving the above communication from Postmedia Network Inc. I understand that I may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. Submit Weather Weather Currently Feels Like We want you to have the most accurate weather report you can. Please enter a valid postal code Traffic Sports Headlines Share this story Gasol and Conley meet for first time as Raptors crush Jazz Facebook Twitter Reddit Email Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn News All News Local News National World Traffic Business All Business Local Business Energy Technology FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Hockey Football Baseball Basketball Golf Soccer Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies Television Music Books Celebrity Life Milestones All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes Food From the Vault Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Travel 365 Bloor St East, Toronto, ON, M4W3L4, www.postmedia.com © 2019 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Classifieds Obits Careers Browse Classifieds Place a Classified Ad Celebrating Driving FlyerCity Local Directory Legal Privacy – Updated Terms Copyright & Permissions Digital Ad Registry Services Advertise With Us Subscribe My Subscription Edit Profile Contact ePaper Digital Access Contests Partnerships Properties Calgary Herald Canada.com Edmonton Journal London Free Press Montreal Gazette National Post Ottawa Citizen Leader-Post (Regina) The StarPhoenix (Saskatoon) The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun