Get inspired and give back with Homes for the Holidays tour | Windsor Star	 Skip to navigation Skip to content News All News Local News National Election 2019 World Traffic Business All Business Local Business Energy Technology All Technology Gaming Internet Personal Tech Science Space Tech-Biz FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Hockey All Hockey NHL Detroit Red Wings Toronto Maple Leafs Football All Football NFL Detroit Lions CFL Baseball All Baseball Detroit Tigers Basketball All Basketball NBA NCAA Windsor Express Golf Golf Videos Soccer All Soccer International Soccer MLS Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies All Movies Movie Listings Television All Television TV Listings Music All Music NP Music Books Celebrity Life Milestones All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes All Homes Condos Decorating Gardening Renovating Vacation Homes Food All Food Local Food Reviews Recipes From the Vault Health All Health Diet & Fitness Family & Child Men Women Seniors Sexual Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Travel Obits Classifieds All Classifieds Flyercity Celebrating Browse Listings Place a Classifieds Ad Local Directory Careers Driving All Driving News Reviews Car Comparison Buyer’s Guide Subscription Life Homes Decorating |Featured: Milestones Fit Tips Windsor In Pictures Kelly Steele | More Open Search Close Search Search Videos Sign In Sign Out Subscribe The Home Front: Get inspired and give back with Homes for the Holidays tour Get into the holiday spirit early with the Vancouver Kids Help Phone Homes for the Holidays tour Nov. 30 and Dec. 1. Rebecca Keillor Updated: November 16, 2019 nterior designers Trish Knight and Nicole Varga decorating for Homes for the Holidays. JANIS NICOLAY / PNG Share Adjust Comment Print Get into the holiday spirit early with the Vancouver Kids Help PhoneHomes for the Holidays tour. This year, the two-day self-guided event, which takes place Nov. 30 and Dec. 1, includes seven beautiful homes scattered around Metro Vancouver, all professionally decked out for the season. Tour-goers will be able to mingle with the designers and homeowners while supporting Kids Help Phone, a charity that provides 24-hour-a-day online, text and telephone counselling services to kids across Canada, and which is particularly busy at this time of year. The tour, now in its 15th year, is an annual tradition for many, such as interior designer Trish Knight. She attended the tour for 10 years with her girlfriends as a fun way to kick off the holiday season before joining the Homes for the Holidays organizing committee. This year, Knight is decorating one of the homes on Vancouver’s west side, designed by architect Peter Rose, along with her business partner Nicole Varga. Aiming for a classic Christmas feel, the two are using lots of natural, handcrafted decor elements from Indigo and Goodge Place, with floral arrangements by Jehna Chrysler of Hilary Miles Flowers, and trees from Hunters Garden Centre. The Homes for the Holidays tour holds a special place in interior designer Gillian Segal’s heart, as it was while on the tour, and viewing one of the homes decorated by interior designer Kelly Deck, that Segal made the decision to become a designer herself. “Homes for the Holidays is what sparked me to go to design school,” she says. This year, Segal is opening up her own home for the tour, which will be Hanukkah focused. A modern take on Hanukkah decor by Gillian Segal, whose home will be on the Vancouver Kids Help Phone Homes for the Holidays tour. JANIS NICOLAY / PNG “I’m excited to do something different, and show people that it can be just as exciting as Christmas,” says Segal, who will feature a non traditional tree using olive branches. “An olive tree because Hanukkah is very much about oil,” she says. Segal says she will use also use a lot blues and silvers, but in a modern, contemporary way, with floral elements by Celsia being a key part of her overall decor. Also included on the tour is a West Vancouver West Coast modern home with expansive views of Howe Sound. The home of fashion retailer Marilyn Diligenti, it will be decorated by interior designer Dexter Dolores. “This home is quite nestled in the forest, amongst all this beautiful natural landscape, so we want to bring that in and take our cues from it. Lots of natural colours, materials and textures, with hints of silvers and golds, and maybe some reds.” says Dolores. Marilyn Diligenti’s West Vancouver home decorated by Dexter Dolores for the Vancouver Kids Help Phone Homes for the Holidays Tour 2019. JANIS NICOLAY / PNG Diligenti says she’s looking forward to taking part in the tour this year, both in terms of supporting Kids Help Phone and seeing what Dolores and his team do with her home. “I like the traditional Christmas, but it’s giving me fresh eyes,” she says. The tour runs from 11 a.m. to 4 p.m. on Nov. 30 and Sunday,cxzxghjk Dec. 1. Tickets can be purchased at kidshelpphone.ca Related The Home Front: Designing healthy homes This Week's Flyers Comments Postmedia is pleased to bring you a new commenting experience. We are committed to maintaining a lively but civil forum for discussion and encourage all readers to share their views on our articles. Comments may take up to an hour for moderation before appearing on the site. We ask you to keep your comments relevant and respectful. Visit our Community Guidelines for more information. Sign in to Comment Connect With Us Latest Food Stories Cancer patients are losing valuable time — and risking their lives — with alternative therapies, ... Bypassing the heart bypass (with video) SUN RUN: Fitness goals must push us, but not drain us Suit Yourself Sponsored by INDOCHINO The spring trifecta: Three ways to diversify your suit collection Groom finds perfectly fitting wedding suit at a great price Whether online or brick and mortar, Indochino CEO Drew Green sees customization and personality as ... 5 Simple Steps To Take Care of Your Suit Close Daily Headline News Thank you for subscribing to Postmedia's Newsletter. Email By clicking "Submit", I consent to receiving the above communication from Postmedia Network Inc. I understand that I may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. Submit TV Listings What's On Tonight for Find your full TV Listings here! Weather Weather Currently Feels Like We want you to have the most accurate weather report you can. Please enter a valid postal code Top Health News Local News UWindsor chef serves up healthy skin care Local News Allowing abused women to bring their pets to crisis shelters could save lives, UWindsor profs ... Local News Windsor-Essex first in Ontario with tool to reduce idled ambulances Local News Violence against long-term care workers, nurses at alarming levels across Ontario Diet & Fitness $6M for bike lanes, trails to build on 'tremendous growth' in cycling across Essex County Share this story The Home Front: Get inspired and give back with Homes for the Holidays tour Facebook Twitter Reddit Email Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn News All News Local News National World Traffic Business All Business Local Business Energy Technology FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Hockey Football Baseball Basketball Golf Soccer Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies Television Music Books Celebrity Life Milestones All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes Food From the Vault Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Travel 365 Bloor St East, Toronto, ON, M4W3L4, www.postmedia.com © 2019 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Classifieds Obits Careers Browse Classifieds Place a Classified Ad Celebrating Driving FlyerCity Local Directory Legal Privacy – Updated Terms Copyright & Permissions Digital Ad Registry Services Advertise With Us Subscribe My Subscription Edit Profile Contact ePaper Digital Access Contests Partnerships Properties Calgary Herald Canada.com Edmonton Journal London Free Press Montreal Gazette National Post Ottawa Citizen Leader-Post (Regina) The StarPhoenix (Saskatoon) The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun