Get ready to geek out at Windsor ComiCon 2019 this weekend | Windsor Star	 Skip to navigation Skip to content News All News Local News National Election 2019 World Traffic Business All Business Local Business Energy Technology All Technology Gaming Internet Personal Tech Science Space Tech-Biz FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Hockey All Hockey NHL Detroit Red Wings Toronto Maple Leafs Football All Football NFL Detroit Lions CFL Baseball All Baseball Detroit Tigers Basketball All Basketball NBA NCAA Windsor Express Golf Golf Videos Soccer All Soccer International Soccer MLS Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies All Movies Movie Listings Television All Television TV Listings Music All Music NP Music Books Celebrity Life Milestones All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes All Homes Condos Decorating Gardening Renovating Vacation Homes Food All Food Local Food Reviews Recipes From the Vault Health All Health Diet & Fitness Family & Child Men Women Seniors Sexual Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Travel Obits Classifieds All Classifieds Flyercity Celebrating Browse Listings Place a Classifieds Ad Local Directory Careers Driving All Driving News Reviews Car Comparison Buyer’s Guide Subscription News Local News |Featured: Windsor International Film Festival Obesity Life After Death Spitfires Dying for a Drink Exit Wounds Election 2019 100 years of Point Pelee Opioid Crisis Windsor Tech Cannabis Help Wanted Anne Jarvis Windsor-Detroit bridge Woofa-Roo 2019 Reader Letters | More Open Search Close Search Search Videos Sign In Sign Out Subscribe Get ready to geek out at Windsor ComiCon 2019 this weekend Windsor ComiCon 2019 happens at Caesars Windsor this Saturday (10 a.m. to 6 p.m.) and Sunday (10 a.m. to 5 p.m.). Admission: $25 for Saturday, $20 for Sunday, $40 for weekend pass. Children 10 and under get in free. Dalson Chen, Windsor Star Updated: September 17, 2019 Scenes from Windsor ComiCon 2018. Windsor ComiCon / Windsor Star Share Adjust Comment Print Excelsior, true believers: The time has come to get your geek on. Happening at Caesars Windsor this Saturday and Sunday, it’s the fifth edition of Windsor ComiCon — the area’s biggest annual celebration of all things related to superheroes, sci-fi, fantasy, anime, horror, gaming, and other areas of geek interest. So warm up your lightsabers, strap on your vibranium shields, and ready your wallets for an entertainment extravaganza. Collect ‘Em All It wouldn’t be a comic book convention without plenty of consumerism. Dozens of exhibitors and vendors are set to fill the Colosseum show floor, selling the merchandise and collectibles of your favourite fandom. Books, figures, T-shirts, posters, plushies — whatever you’re shopping for in the realms of geek, you’ll likely find it for a price at Windsor ComiCon. A cosplayer shows off her work in this 2016 file photo. Michael Bell / Regina Leader-Post Get Into Character There’s no denying the creativity, ingenuity, and sheer passion that goes into cosplay — the practice of dressing up like popular characters. You can expect to see countless cosplayers at Windsor ComiCon, from admirable amateurs to experienced costumers. On Saturday at 11 a.m. and Sunday at 10 a.m., pro level cosplayers will be available for photos on the third floor of Augustus Tower. But Sunday at 5 p.m. is when the members of the general public will get to show off their efforts in the Springz Cosplay Competition, with categories ranging from kids to advanced. Look! I’m an old timey monster person. Photo By https://t.co/MxNUDpU0kc pic.twitter.com/jU0fTRWg0A— Derek Mears (@DerekMears) September 10, 2019 Guests Galore Everybody knows that comic book conventions aren’t just about comic books anymore. They’ve become venues to see the people who bring characters to life on screen. As usual, the guest list of this year’s edition of Windsor ComiCon offers a variety of actors and public figures of past and present, including: Derek Mears (Swamp Thing, Predator, Jason Voorhees) Stefan Kapicic (Colossus from the Deadpool movies) Shannon Purser (Ethel from Riverdale) Seth Gilliam (Father Gabriel from The Walking Dead) Nathan Mitchell (Black Noir from The Boys) Star Trek: Discovery stars Doug Jones, Ronnie Rowe Jr., Sara Mitich, Hannah Cheesman Buck Rogers stars Gil Gerard, Erin Gray, and Felix Silla Ian James Corlett (original voice of Goku from Dragonball Z) Darren McCarty (Detroit Red Wings alumni) Autographs and photographs can be had with payment. Spend extra for experience packages that include meet-and-greets, panel discussions, pro photo opportunities, and more. Examples of the comic book art of David and Meredith Finch. Windsor Star Creators and Creations Let’s not forget what got the comic book scene started in the first place: Artistry. Windsor ComiCon gives true comic book fans the chance to interact with the talented folks who put iconic characters on the printed page. Meet writers and artists like Chris Claremont, Bob McLeod, Jason Fabok, David Finch, Meredith Finch and more — people in the industry whose resumes include seminal work on the X-Men, Batman, Spider-Man, and Wonder Woman. Windsor ComiCon 2019 takes place in The Colosseum and Augustus Tower of Caesars Windsor (377 Riverside Dr. East) on Saturday (10 a.m. to 6 p.m.) and Sunday (10 a.m. to 5 p.m.). Caesars Windsor parking is free. All ages welcome. Tickets available at the door. Admission is $25 on Saturday, $20 on Sunday, or $40 for a weekend pass. Children ages 10 and under get in free (accompanied by a paying adult). Visit www.windsorcomicon.com for more information, list of attractions, and schedule. Related Photos: Windsor ComiCon What to enjoy at Windsor ComiCon 2017 Windsor ComiCon returns to Caesars Windsor this weekend Tecumseh-raised actor draws from personal life for TV show about being... This Week's Flyers Comments Postmedia is pleased to bring you a new commenting experience. We are committed to maintaining a lively but civil forum for discussion and encourage all readers to share their views on our articles. Comments may take up to an hour for moderation before appearing on the site. We ask you to keep your comments relevant and respectful. Visit our Community Guidelines for more information. Sign in to Comment Connect With Us Weather Weather Currently Feels Like We want you to have the most accurate weather report you can. Please enter a valid postal code Latest National News World Ex-FBI lawyer Lisa Page says Trump's 'demeaning fake orgasm' was the last straw World Seven words in a 3.5-hour movie: De Niro defends Anna Paquin’s role in ‘The Irishman’ World Two members leave Nobel literature committee, criticizing Swedish Academy for taking 'too long' with reforms Close Daily Headline News Thank you for subscribing to Postmedia's Newsletter. Email By clicking "Submit", I consent to receiving the above communication from Postmedia Network Inc. I understand that I may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. Submit Most Read Local home sale prices expected to make another big hike in 2020 | Windsor Star Nurses group launches petition to get Windsor police to carry naloxone | Windsor Star Pussycat Dolls’ raunchy ‘nearly naked’ reunion sparks 400 complaints | Windsor Star Amherstburg Diageo workers ratify 3-year contract | Windsor Star Traffic Share this story Get ready to geek out at Windsor ComiCon 2019 this weekend Facebook Twitter Reddit Email Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn News All News Local News National World Traffic Business All Business Local Business Energy Technology FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Hockey Football Baseball Basketball Golf Soccer Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies Television Music Books Celebrity Life Milestones All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes Food From the Vault Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Travel 365 Bloor St East, Toronto, ON, M4W3L4, www.postmedia.com © 2019 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Classifieds Obits Careers Browse Classifieds Place a Classified Ad Celebrating Driving FlyerCity Local Directory Legal Privacy – Updated Terms Copyright & Permissions Digital Ad Registry Services Advertise With Us Subscribe My Subscription Edit Profile Contact ePaper Digital Access Contests Partnerships Properties Calgary Herald Canada.com Edmonton Journal London Free Press Montreal Gazette National Post Ottawa Citizen Leader-Post (Regina) The StarPhoenix (Saskatoon) The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun