Global News - Latest World News Headlines & Updates  | Windsor Star	 Skip to navigation Skip to content News All News Local News National Election 2019 World Traffic Business All Business Local Business Energy Technology All Technology Gaming Internet Personal Tech Science Space Tech-Biz FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Hockey All Hockey NHL Detroit Red Wings Toronto Maple Leafs Football All Football NFL Detroit Lions CFL Baseball All Baseball Detroit Tigers Basketball All Basketball NBA NCAA Windsor Express Golf Golf Videos Soccer All Soccer International Soccer MLS Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies All Movies Movie Listings Television All Television TV Listings Music All Music NP Music Books Celebrity Life Milestones All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes All Homes Condos Decorating Gardening Renovating Vacation Homes Food All Food Local Food Reviews Recipes From the Vault Health All Health Diet & Fitness Family & Child Men Women Seniors Sexual Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Travel Obits Classifieds All Classifieds Flyercity Celebrating Browse Listings Place a Classifieds Ad Local Directory Careers Driving All Driving News Reviews Car Comparison Buyer’s Guide Subscription News World |Featured: Windsor International Film Festival Obesity Life After Death Spitfires Dying for a Drink Exit Wounds Election 2019 100 years of Point Pelee Opioid Crisis Windsor Tech Cannabis Help Wanted Anne Jarvis Windsor-Detroit bridge Woofa-Roo 2019 Reader Letters | More Open Search Close Search Search Videos Sign In Sign Out Subscribe Fishmongers Hall exec details how employee and patrons fought knife-wielding London terrorist It all began shortly before 2 p.m. Friday, and Cambridge University was hosting an event for Learning Together, a prison-based education program. Khan was attending the event World 'Sweating all over me': BBC to air interview with Virginia Giuffre, who says she was ... World Ex-FBI lawyer Lisa Page says Trump's 'demeaning fake orgasm' was the last straw World Seven words in a 3.5-hour movie: De Niro defends Anna Paquin’s role in ‘The Irishman’ 'She was very powerful and that’s what it was,' said the film's lead Robert De Niro World Two members leave Nobel literature committee, criticizing Swedish Academy for taking 'too long' with reforms 'The Academy and I have a different perspective on time, one year is far too long in my life and far too short in life of the Academy,' wrote uuthor Kristoffer Leandoer in an article in Svenska Dagbladet Six rescue attempts failed to free him, says former Taliban hostage Timothy Weeks Twenty dead, including four cops, as Mexican cartel riding in skull-decorated trucks attacks town Malta's leader to quit as scrutiny heightens over reporter's murder Impeachment process shifts to House Judiciary Committee but Trump won't be there More World News Man who helped thwart London terror attack with a narwhal tusk hailed as hero Convicted terrorist Usman Khan stabbed two students before being subdued by police and bystanders wielding fire extinguishers and the 1.5 metre tusk Victims of London Bridge terrorist attack named Disgraced Prince Andrew retains Canadian military roles Boris Johnson and Jeremy Corbyn trade blame over early release of London Bridge attacker U.S. Black Friday shoppers stay away from stores, make $7B-plus splurge online More International News Pope Francis condemns 'virus' of consumerism like Black Friday, Cyber Monday Man who stabbed two people to death on London Bridge had previous terror convictions Ohio bill would make doctors 'reimplant' ectopic pregnancies (which is impossible) or face 'abortion murder' ... Business Retailers see biggest-ever Cyber Monday after record online Black Friday U.S. retailers kicked off Cyber Monday by launching a slew of deals earlier than usual over the weekend, seeking to sustain the momentum of a record $11. World U.K. police shoot attacker dead during 'terrorism-related' London Bridge knife rampage The man had strapped a fake bomb to his body and stabbed a number of people, two of whom have reportedly now died World China-born B.C. politician Richard Lee releases letter sent to Chinese government on detainees Spavor and ... 'I am writing to express my concern regarding the diplomatic relationship between Canada and China falling into the bottom of a cold valley' World Elon Musk's defamation trial over 'pedo guy' tweet is narrowed The British cave explorer who sued Tesla Inc’s Elon Musk for branding him “pedo guy” in a tweet has narrowed his defamation case against the electric car maker’s chief executive, and is no longer seeking damages for an emailed suggestion he might be a child rapist. News U.K. police shoot attacker during London Bridge stabbing incident 'A man has been detained by police. We believe a number of people have been injured' World Woman has home stolen from her while she's living there. How'd she find out? Junk ... When Rohina Husseini noticed a different signature on the deed, she couldn't understand what happened World An alien comet from another star is soaring through our solar system, and scientists hope ... Every night, the comet grows bigger and brighter in the sky, expelling streams of gas and dust that may offer up clues to its mysterious history World Iraqi PM Adel Abdul-Mahdi vows to quit as violent anti-government protests rage on His move followed a call from an influential Shiite cleric for lawmakers to promptly hold 'free and honest' elections to prevent Iraq from slipping into deeper chaos News The Shadow King: Royal conspiracy theory that the Queen will hand reins to Charles is ... If indeed the Queen chooses to retire, the law seems to require not just infirmity, but incapacity. To retire otherwise, the Queen would have to abdicate Business Is Black Friday still relevant? U.S. shoppers stay away from stores, spend online NEW YORK — Fewer people lined up outside stores as Black Friday shopping kicked off, suggesting early discounts offered by retail chains and a surge in online buying may have taken the shine off America’s biggest shopping day. Page 1 of 3 Connect With Us Latest Local News Local News Police arrest fleeing suspect following downtown assault Local News Ontario auditor general to assess PC climate change plan Local News Vigil walk and red ribbons mark World AIDS Day in Windsor Local News Amherstburg Diageo workers ratify 3-year contract Latest Local Business Local News Photos: Business community learns about revolutionary tech trends Members of the business community gathered Tuesday for a series of talks on new technology trends that will revolutionize businesses. Local News Chamber and Accelerator partner up to help local businesses succeed Two local business boosters announced a partnership Friday to help startups survive and thrive. With Small Business Week starting on Sunday, the Windsor-Essex Regional Chamber of Commerce and the Accelerator will now open their services to each other’s members to create a more collaborative business ecosystem. Local Business Greenhouse hydro use will soar within five years Electricity use for indoor agriculture in Chatham-Kent is expected to grow by 455 per cent by 2024, according to new research by the Independent Electricity System Operator. Books Windsor's Black Moss Press celebrates 50 years of publishing Fledgling publisher Marty Gervais had no money to buy an electric Gestetner and yet made a convincing pitch almost 50 years ago for the machine to churn out copies of poetry magazines. Traffic Weather Weather Currently Feels Like We want you to have the most accurate weather report you can. Please enter a valid postal code This Week's Flyers News All News Local News National World Traffic Business All Business Local Business Energy Technology FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Hockey Football Baseball Basketball Golf Soccer Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies Television Music Books Celebrity Life Milestones All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes Food From the Vault Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Travel 365 Bloor St East, Toronto, ON, M4W3L4, www.postmedia.com © 2019 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Classifieds Obits Careers Browse Classifieds Place a Classified Ad Celebrating Driving FlyerCity Local Directory Legal Privacy – Updated Terms Copyright & Permissions Digital Ad Registry Services Advertise With Us Subscribe My Subscription Edit Profile Contact ePaper Digital Access Contests Partnerships Properties Calgary Herald Canada.com Edmonton Journal London Free Press Montreal Gazette National Post Ottawa Citizen Leader-Post (Regina) The StarPhoenix (Saskatoon) The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun Post to Cancel