Global News - Latest World News Headlines  | Saskatoon StarPhoenix	 Skip to navigation Skip to content News All News Local News Saskatchewan Politics Election 2019 National World Business All Business Local Business Energy Mining Mortgages Money Technology All Technology Gaming Internet Personal Tech Science Space Tech-Biz FP Markets Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Local Sports All Local Sports U of S Huskies Saskatoon Hilltops Hockey All Hockey NHL Saskatoon Blades Football All Football CFL Saskatchewan Roughriders NFL Baseball Basketball All Basketball NBA NCAA Golf Golf Videos Soccer All Soccer International Soccer MLS MMA Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies Television All Television TV Listings Music All Music NP Music Books Celebrity Life All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes All Homes Buying & Selling Condos Decorating Gardening Renovating Vacation Homes Living Spaces Food All Food Local Food Reviews Recipes Health All Health Diet & Fitness Family & Child Men Women Seniors Sexual Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Festivals Travel Bridges Puzzles & Comics Obits Classifieds All Classifieds Flyercity Celebrating Browse Listings Place a Classifieds Ad Local Directory Careers Driving All Driving News Reviews Car Comparison Buyer’s Guide Subscription News World |Featured: Columnists | More Open Search Close Search Search Videos Sign In Sign Out Subscribe The girl in the photo: BBC to air interview with Virginia Giuffre, who says she ... 'It was a really scary time in my life. He knows what happened, I know what happened. And there’s only one of us telling the truth' World Ex-FBI lawyer Lisa Page says Trump's 'demeaning fake orgasm' was the last straw World Seven words in a 3.5-hour movie: De Niro defends Anna Paquin’s role in ‘The Irishman’ World Two members leave Nobel literature committee, criticizing Swedish Academy for taking 'too long' with reforms 'The Academy and I have a different perspective on time, one year is far too long in my life and far too short in life of the Academy,' wrote uuthor Kristoffer Leandoer in an article in Svenska Dagbladet World Trump faces two deadlines as U.S. Congress ramps up impeachment focus WASHINGTON — U.S. President Donald Trump faced two deadlines in Congress this week as Democrats prepared to shift the focus of their impeachment inquiry from fact-finding to the consideration of possible charges of misconduct over his dealings with Ukraine. Man who launched London Bridge attack was a 28-year-old al-Qaeda inspired militant LONDON — Nine years before Usman Khan killed two people in a stabbing spree on London Bridge, he was overheard by British security services discussing how to use an al Qaeda manual he had memorized to build a pipe bomb. National Trudeau to mark NATO’s birthday amid questions about alliance’s future World Retailers see biggest-ever Cyber Monday after record online Black Friday World Amazon pulls Auschwitz Christmas decorations from site after complaints BERLIN — Amazon has withdrawn from sale products decorated with images of the former Auschwitz concentration camp in Poland including Christmas decorations after a complaint from the organization that preserves the site as a memorial. World Twenty dead, including four cops, as Mexican cartel riding in skull-decorated trucks attacks town Riding in heavily armed pickups, gunmen sprayed town offices in Villa Union with bullets and fought Mexican police for more than 90 minutes World Six rescue attempts failed to free him, says former Taliban hostage Timothy Weeks Speaking publicly for the first time, Weeks said U.S. Navy SEALs almost succeeded in April 2019: 'I believe they were right outside our door' World Malta's leader to quit as scrutiny heightens over reporter's murder The journalist Daphne Caruana Galizia was investigating suspicious payments by a local power company at the time she was killed and the European Central Bank has raised broader concerns about money laundering in Malta World Impeachment process shifts to House Judiciary Committee but Trump won't be there With opinion polls showing Americans bitterly divided over whether to impeach Trump, the Democratic-controlled Judiciary Committee will hold a hearing to explain to the American public what constitutes an impeachable offence News Man who helped thwart London terror attack with a narwhal tusk hailed as hero Convicted terrorist Usman Khan stabbed two students before being subdued by police and bystanders wielding fire extinguishers and the 1.5 metre tusk World Disgraced Prince Andrew retains Canadian military roles The title of Colonel-in-Chief isn’t merely symbolic. It can’t be wiped off a web page and forgotten. In fact, it’s not clear the Canadian government could rescind Prince Andrew’s appointments at all News Disgraced Prince Andrew retains Canadian military roles The title of Colonel-in-Chief isn’t merely symbolic. It can’t be wiped off a web page and forgotten. In fact, it’s not clear the Canadian government could rescind Prince Andrew’s appointments at all World Boris Johnson and Jeremy Corbyn trade blame over early release of London Bridge attacker Khan, who was released on parole 11 months ago with an electronic tracking device on his ankle, began his attack Friday afternoon as he was entering a conference intended to rehabilitate violent offenders World Victims of London Bridge terrorist attack named The Metropolitan Police in the United Kingdom of the two individuals who died after a terror attack at London Bridge this past Friday. World Death toll rises to 21 after bloody altercation between cops, gunmen in Mexican town MEXICO CITY — Clashes between police and suspected cartel gunmen in a northern Mexican town killed 21 people this weekend, authorities said, adding fuel to bilateral tensions sparked by U. World U.S. Black Friday shoppers stay away from stores, make $7B-plus splurge online WASHINGTON — U.S. shoppers made more purchases online on Black Friday than in the mall — hurting traffic and sales at brick-and-mortar stores, according to data that offered a glimpse into what is still one of the busiest shopping days of the year. World Pope Francis condemns 'virus' of consumerism like Black Friday, Cyber Monday VATICAN CITY — Pope Francis on Sunday urged people to resist the excesses of consumerism in the period leading up to Christmas, calling it a virus that attacks faith and offends the needy. News Man who stabbed two people to death on London Bridge had previous terror convictions Police named 28-year-old Usman Khan as the suspect. A man and a woman were killed, and a man and two women remain in hospital World Ohio bill would make doctors 'reimplant' ectopic pregnancies (which is impossible) or face 'abortion murder' ... The procedure literally cannot be done World U.K. police shoot attacker dead during 'terrorism-related' London Bridge knife rampage The man had strapped a fake bomb to his body and stabbed a number of people, two of whom have reportedly now died World China-born B.C. politician Richard Lee releases letter sent to Chinese government on detainees Spavor and ... 'I am writing to express my concern regarding the diplomatic relationship between Canada and China falling into the bottom of a cold valley' World U.K. police shoot attacker during London Bridge stabbing incident Video from the scene showed what appeared to be three police officers backing away from a man lying on the pavement. The man was then shot Woman has home stolen from her while she's living there. How'd she find out? Junk ... An alien comet from another star is soaring through our solar system, and scientists hope ... Iraqi PM Adel Abdul-Mahdi vows to quit as violent anti-government protests rage on The Shadow King: Royal conspiracy theory that the Queen will hand reins to Charles is ... World China passes U.S. as country with the most diplomatic posts, while stagnant Canada ranks 18th With 276 diplomatic posts worldwide, China has more embassies and consulates than any other country World Queen is beyond reproach and distinct from royal family, UK PM Boris Johnson says Andrew, Elizabeth's second son, stepped down from royal duties last week saying the controversy surrounding his association with late U.S. financier Jeffrey Epstein World Study: Inbreeding and a 'stroke of bad luck’ could have led to Neanderthals’ extinction Researchers at the Eindhoven University of Technology were surprised by results after running simulation models based on existing hunter-gatherer societies World William Ruckelshaus, who defied Richard Nixon during Watergate, dead at 87 In what was known as the Saturday Night Massacre in October 1973, Ruckelshaus resigned rather than carry out Nixon's order to fire the Watergate special prosecutor World Huawei CFO Meng Wanzhou doesn't want her case broadcast on TV — in case it ... A B.C. Supreme Court judge is weighing whether to allow a media consortium’s request to allow video and web broadcasting of the extradition hearings World Three women accuse Gordon Sondland of sexual misconduct, report says Sondland disputed the women's allegations and questioned their timing in a statement posted on his personal website, saying that they were at odds with his character National Freeland heads to Washington for trade talks with U.S. and Mexico OTTAWA — Deputy Prime Minister Chrystia Freeland arrived Wednesday in an American capital divided by the presidential impeachment saga for a meeting aimed at finding the bipartisan agreement needed to finalize a new North American trade deal. Royals Prince Charles preparing to take over British crown in 2021: report British media are reporting that Queen Elizabeth is set to “retire” from her royal duties, passing the role as head of state to her son Prince Charles. World Pair of storms stymie Americans during annual Thanksgiving pilgrimage CHICAGO — Two winter storms blasted parts of the United States on Wednesday, disrupting travel plans for millions of Americans who typically jam the country’s highways and airports to visit family and friends over the long Thanksgiving weekend. Nine outrageous things AI can already do — including compose music and make you dance Artificial intelligence programs have defeated the world’s top chess players, and they can match humans when it comes to art, science and even companionship Page 1 of 3 Connect With Us Latest Local News Local News Fatal house fire: Two dead in Pelican Narrows blaze Crime Mark Donlevy sentenced to 4 years for 6 sexual assaults while he was massage therapist Local News Premiers meet outside Toronto; Saskatchewan signs memo for nuclear reactors Latest Local Business Local Business New Faces New Places: Suicide support group helps those left behind "Survivor's guilt is tremendous for parents. On top of that, there comes a point in your grieving process where you realize that you have to save yourself from the same thing that killed your child and that is incredibly difficult to do alone." Local Business Regina Airbnb and HomeAway rentals grow rapidly; rake in $2.5M so far this year "I think to an extent everything should have reasonable regulations." Local Business New Faces New Places: Electrician ready to upgrade your house with home automation "It's also really efficient. When I drive away from my house the geolocation notices that I've left and turns all the lights that are on a smart switch off, so I don't have to spend precious minutes running around turning off every switch." This Week's Flyers Weather Weather Currently Feels Like We want you to have the most accurate weather report you can. Please enter a valid postal code News All News Local News Saskatchewan Politics National World Business All Business Local Business Energy Mining Mortgages Money Technology FP Markets Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Local Sports Hockey Football Baseball Basketball Golf Soccer MMA Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies Television Music Books Celebrity Life All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes Food Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Festivals Travel Bridges Puzzles & Comics 365 Bloor St East, Toronto, ON, M4W3L4, www.postmedia.com © 2019 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Classifieds Obits Careers Browse Classifieds Place an Ad Driving FlyerCity Local Directory Legal Privacy – Updated Terms Copyright Digital Ad Registry Services Advertise With Us Subscribe My Subscription Edit Profile Contact ePaper Digital Access Contests NIE Properties Calgary Herald Canada.com Edmonton Journal London Free Press Montreal Gazette National Post Ottawa Citizen Leader-Post (Regina) The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun Windsor Star Post to Cancel