Heart decides as Roger Federer confirms Tokyo Olympics participation | Windsor Star	 Skip to navigation Skip to content News All News Local News National Election 2019 World Traffic Business All Business Local Business Energy Technology All Technology Gaming Internet Personal Tech Science Space Tech-Biz FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Hockey All Hockey NHL Detroit Red Wings Toronto Maple Leafs Football All Football NFL Detroit Lions CFL Baseball All Baseball Detroit Tigers Basketball All Basketball NBA NCAA Windsor Express Golf Golf Videos Soccer All Soccer International Soccer MLS Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies All Movies Movie Listings Television All Television TV Listings Music All Music NP Music Books Celebrity Life Milestones All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes All Homes Condos Decorating Gardening Renovating Vacation Homes Food All Food Local Food Reviews Recipes From the Vault Health All Health Diet & Fitness Family & Child Men Women Seniors Sexual Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Travel Obits Classifieds All Classifieds Flyercity Celebrating Browse Listings Place a Classifieds Ad Local Directory Careers Driving All Driving News Reviews Car Comparison Buyer’s Guide Subscription Sports Tennis |Featured: Library Strike Fit Tips Kelly Steele Windsor In Pictures | More Open Search Close Search Search Videos Sign In Sign Out Subscribe Heart decides as Roger Federer confirms Tokyo Olympics participation Reuters Updated: October 14, 2019 Share Adjust Comment Print Roger Federer confirmed his participation in next year’s Olympic Games in Tokyo and said on Monday that he had listened to his heart before making the decision. The Swiss 38-year-old competed in the first of four Olympic Games at Sydney in 2000 and won the doubles gold partnering Stan Wawrinka in 2008 and a silver in singles in 2012. He missed the 2016 Olympics due to a knee injury. “At the end of the day my heart decided I would love to play the Olympic Games again,” Federer told reporters during a promotional event for his sponsor Uniqlo in Tokyo. Federer will attempt to win a singles gold medal at the July 24-Aug 9 Games, the only major prize that the 20-time Grand Slam winner has yet to win. “I’ve been debating with my team for a few weeks now, months actually, what I should do in the summer after Wimbledon and before the U.S. Open (in 2020),” Federer, who will turn 39 during the Games, added. “I carried the flag twice for Switzerland in Athens and Beijing, I’ve got a gold and a silver, and I would love to play again so I’m very excited.” Federer will require an exemption to compete in Tokyo as he is yet to play in the Davis Cup for Switzerland in the current Olympic cycle that began after the Rio Olympics in 2016. To fulfil the ITF participation requirements, a player must be part of a Davis Cup or Fed Cup team and present at the tie on at least three occasions in the Olympic Cycle, provided one of those ties is in 2019 or 2020. Federer will have little reason to worry, however, as one of the special conditions that could gain him entry is his historical participation in the Games and the Davis Cup, as stated in the ITF’s regulations. Andreescu first Canuck to win Rogers Cup since Windsor's Faye Urban This Week's Flyers Comments Postmedia is pleased to bring you a new commenting experience. We are committed to maintaining a lively but civil forum for discussion and encourage all readers to share their views on our articles. Comments may take up to an hour for moderation before appearing on the site. We ask you to keep your comments relevant and respectful. Visit our Community Guidelines for more information. Sign in to Comment Connect With Us Latest Sports Video Toronto Maple Leafs Jack Todd: Habs ruin HNIC script by having audacity to trounce Toronto Diet & Fitness Watch: Sleep is forgotten key to better athletic performance Baseball Washington Nationals to wear Montreal Expos jerseys for throwback night Family & Child Canadiens' Max Domi provides support for young diabetics Share this story Heart decides as Roger Federer confirms Tokyo Olympics participation Facebook Twitter Reddit Email Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn News All News Local News National World Traffic Business All Business Local Business Energy Technology FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Hockey Football Baseball Basketball Golf Soccer Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies Television Music Books Celebrity Life Milestones All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes Food From the Vault Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Travel 365 Bloor St East, Toronto, ON, M4W3L4, www.postmedia.com © 2019 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Classifieds Obits Careers Browse Classifieds Place a Classified Ad Celebrating Driving FlyerCity Local Directory Legal Privacy – Updated Terms Copyright & Permissions Digital Ad Registry Services Advertise With Us Subscribe My Subscription Edit Profile Contact ePaper Digital Access Contests Partnerships Properties Calgary Herald Canada.com Edmonton Journal London Free Press Montreal Gazette National Post Ottawa Citizen Leader-Post (Regina) The StarPhoenix (Saskatoon) The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun