Home - XRP Ledger Dev Portal Docs Use Cases Dev Tools Blog Edit Search site with Google...   English English 日本語 Powering the Internet of Value. The XRP Ledger is open-source technology that anyone can use. Use the tools and information provided here to integrate with and contribute to the open-source platform. Want more? Get updates about XRP Ledger webinars, releases, and documentation! Sign up! Get Started with XRP Ledger APIs Get started with the APIs and libraries available for interacting with the XRP Ledger. Get Started 01 Learn How It Works Introduction to Consensus About XRP Payment System Basics Decentralized Exchange All Concepts 02 Read Documentation API References Concepts Tutorials Full Doc Index All Docs 03 Explore the XRP Ledger Use the XRPL Explorer to view a stream of ledger activity and see validator statuses. Go to the Explorer 04 XRP Ledger Blog Visit the blog for the latest XRP Ledger info, including Release Notes, Amendments to the XRP Ledger protocol, Feature articles from XRP experts, and more. View Blog What is the XRP Ledger? The XRP Ledger is a decentralized cryptographic ledger, powered by a network of peer-to-peer servers. It is the home of XRP, a digital asset designed to bridge the many different currencies in use worldwide. The Digital Asset for Payments 01 Censorship-Resistant Transaction Processing 02 Fast, Efficient Consensus Algorithm 03 Finite XRP Supply 04 Responsible Software Governance 05 Secure, Adaptable Cryptography 06 Modern Features for Smart Contracts 07 On-Ledger Decentralized Exchange 08 Start Building Use these tutorials to get step-by-step guidance to perform common tasks with the XRP Ledger. List XRP on Your Exchange Run a digital asset exchange? Follow these steps to add XRP. List XRP 01 Send XRP Learn how to send test payments right from your browser. Send XRP 02 Run a rippled Server Install, configure, and manage the core server that powers the XRP Ledger. Run rippled 03 More Tutorials Assign a Regular Key Pair Set Up Multi-Signing Use Escrows Use Payment Channels All Tutorials 04 Related Projects You're not alone in building the Internet of Value. These projects are proudly collaborating with the XRP Ledger to make all the world's money move like information moves today. Interledger Interledger is an open protocol suite for sending payments across different ledgers. Learn More 01 Xpring Xpring (pronounced “spring”) is a Ripple initiative that builds infrastructure and helps innovative blockchain projects grow through investments and partnerships. Learn More 02 Docs Concepts Tutorials References 01 Use Cases Run a rippled Validator List XRP in Your Exchange Open a Payment Channel to Enable an Inter-Exchange Network Contribute Code to rippled Contribute Code to ripple-lib 02 Dev Tools RPC Tool WebSocket API Tool Data API v2 Tool xrp-ledger.toml Checker XRP Faucets XRP Ledger Explorer 03 Ripple Ripple Careers Ripple on GitHub XRP Resources 04 English 日本語 © XRP Ledger Project 2019 License Top