Home Norman All Friendly Pets Are Welcome To Bring Their Responsible Owners! Please Read Our Pet Policy. Click HERE to see all our amazing sponsors! Thank You To Our 2019 Featured Sponsors! A "Funtastic"Family Festival For Pets And Their People Save The 2020 Date!!! June 27 & June 28, 2020!!! Whistle0:08 Join Us For A Dynamic Weekend, With A Charitable Twist! Please Visit Our Adoption Circle & Charity Silent Auction. Have fun for a great cause!  Check out our Rescues & Charities Copyright © 2013 Woofa~Roo Pet Fest. All Rights Reserved. "Woofa~Roo Pet Fest A Howling Success" . . . The Windsor Star About Woofa~Roo Pet Fest Woofa~Roo Pet Fest is a fun filled festival for "Pets and Their People" featuring live presentations, such as Dock Diving, Dog Agility, Lure Coursing, Stunt Dogs and Dog Races! We have Pony Rides, Specialty Vendors, Charity Contests and much more. Swing by our adoption circle, located in front of the Libro Centre. These are animals in need of forever homes. Contribute to their cause and participate in our Silent Auction which benefit our rescues and charities. Feeling the need to do more for our animal community? This is a perfect opportunity to learn how to become involved as a volunteer or be a foster home. Don't forget to head indoors - - - meet and greet other pet owners in our "Pet Friendly" climate controlled gathering place. Cool down from the heat, or grab a bite to eat. There's something for everyone at Essex County's only pet and family friendly festival! So much to see an do - you'll need two days! Save The Date!!! WHEN June 27 & 28, 2020 ​9:30 am - 5:30 pm ​WHERE The Libro Complex  3295 Meloche Road, Amherstburg, Ontario ADMISSION $5.00 per person & $5.00 per pet Children 5 and under are free! Home What's Going On Pet Policy Volunteer Vendors Who's Coming 2019 Vendors 2019 Sponsors Charities & Rescues Sponsors Sponsorship Levels Why Us? Woofa~Roo Sponsors More Info Contact Sterling Canine Award News Flash! Out Of Towners Swamp Dogs Festival Map Face Of Woofa~Roo Contest Presented by View on Mobile