How to handle hot-potato election issues at Thanksgiving dinner | Windsor Star	 Skip to navigation Skip to content News All News Local News National Election 2019 World Traffic Business All Business Local Business Energy Technology All Technology Gaming Internet Personal Tech Science Space Tech-Biz FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Hockey All Hockey NHL Detroit Red Wings Toronto Maple Leafs Football All Football NFL Detroit Lions CFL Baseball All Baseball Detroit Tigers Basketball All Basketball NBA NCAA Windsor Express Golf Golf Videos Soccer All Soccer International Soccer MLS Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies All Movies Movie Listings Television All Television TV Listings Music All Music NP Music Books Celebrity Life Milestones All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes All Homes Condos Decorating Gardening Renovating Vacation Homes Food All Food Local Food Reviews Recipes From the Vault Health All Health Diet & Fitness Family & Child Men Women Seniors Sexual Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Travel Obits Classifieds All Classifieds Flyercity Celebrating Browse Listings Place a Classifieds Ad Local Directory Careers Driving All Driving News Reviews Car Comparison Buyer’s Guide Subscription Life Relationships |Featured: Milestones Fit Tips Windsor In Pictures Kelly Steele | More Open Search Close Search Search Videos Sign In Sign Out Subscribe How to handle hot-potato election issues at Thanksgiving dinner The Canadian Press Updated: October 11, 2019 Organic Homemade Smoked Turkey Dinner for Thanksgiving with Sides bhofack2 / Getty Images/iStockphoto Share Adjust Comment Print TORONTO — Politics will likely be on the table when Nick Difruscio joins his family for Thanksgiving dinner this weekend, and that has the Ryerson University student bracing for heated discussions alongside turkey and gravy. Like many families, the 17-year-old business management major says his relatives are divided politically — some are business owners who lean towards the right, while others prioritize social health care and lean left. Their conflicting views can turn dinner into a minefield with the federal election around the corner on Oct. 21. “It is very divisive, and it always comes up. It always gets really awkward around the table,” says Difruscio, whose family is in Niagara Falls, Ont. “It’s always (someone who) says something that goes a little bit too far, and it goes quiet. Everybody just kind of sits there.” Difruscio says he and his older brother generally try to get all sides to find common ground. Failing that, they change the subject. “No one’s really changing their minds,” he admits of what results from these exchanges. “It’s better to just change the topic to something we can … agree on.” Depending on the company, hot potatoes such as climate change, corruption, and the Trans Mountain pipeline are generally best left off the table, say various etiquette experts, but for those who look forward to expressing their positions on issues they care about there is a way to keep things respectful. It’s unlikely your guests have much appetite for a screaming match, notes Leanne Pepper, general manager and protocol consultant for the Faculty Club, a private event space on the University of Toronto campus. She advises declaring politics off-limits when the invitations are sent, and asking guests to come ready to share what they’re thankful for this year. People get emotional when talking to close family, especially with the wine flowing, she notes, reminding hosts to avoid seating combative guests near each other. “You might want to hide the (lawn) signs over the Thanksgiving weekend, you don’t want to trigger that right off the bat,” she jokes. The host should set the tone, says Pepper, and be ready with an anecdote or fresh conversation topics in case innocuous chit-chat starts to run off the rails. And she repeats a golden rule for any celebratory gathering: “Stay away from politics and religion.” Michael Morden, research director of the Samara Centre for Democracy, says political debate is good for democracy and he encourages families to discuss issues of the day — with civility. His non-partisan charity surveyed Canadians earlier this year and found people were discussing politics more than they were in the lead-up to the 2015 federal election. Researchers asked Canadians what topics they didn’t want to talk about, especially with people they disagree with, and found fewer than 15 per cent felt compelled to avoid contentious topics. But the issues that made them the most skittish included abortion, immigration, multiculturalism, Indigenous issues, and sexual harassment and the Me Too movement. The centre offers tips on how to discuss politics online, and Morden says many of the suggestions apply to face-to-face conversations as well: Don’t take things personally, and remain civil yourself — although that can be tough with family members. “Sometimes having that social capital with someone just means it’s easier to get into something quickly — you don’t have the same level of reserve that you might with a colleague or someone that you’re not as familiar with,” he acknowledges. Not only does Morden encourage political talk at the dinner table, he encourages participants to “get into the weeds” by explaining in detail what they believe and why. “Most issues are actually pretty complicated and we don’t usually make space for that nuance in our arguments. When we actually have to think through the mechanics, we realize that we don’t know as much as we thought we did and that makes us more inclined to listen and to learn.” He adds that our political views are rooted in a moral foundation we may not share with others, and that shapes the way we frame our arguments. “So when I think I’m being really persuasive, this other person is just hearing noise because it’s totally not resonating,” says Morden. “Try to listen to not just what position someone’s taking but where it’s coming from, what are the values underneath? And try to reflect that language back.” If things do get contentious, etiquette coach Louise Fox says you may have to bite your tongue. Some people just want to bait others into an argument, and a family reunion is not the time to battle. “Sometimes you have to say those platitudes like, ‘Oh, that’s pretty interesting.’ ‘Oh, I never thought of that,’ rather than, ‘I don’t like this,”‘ says Fox, of the Toronto-based Etiquette Ladies. “It’s all right to have opinions but if they’re going to lead to arguments, avoid them and try to keep things light and celebratory. A sense of humour is your biggest asset when the going gets tough.” — with files from Adina Bresge This report by The Canadian Press was first published Oct. 11, 2019. Hiatus House celebrates 40 years, recalls celebrity breakup and Windsor's generosity... This Week's Flyers Comments Postmedia is pleased to bring you a new commenting experience. We are committed to maintaining a lively but civil forum for discussion and encourage all readers to share their views on our articles. Comments may take up to an hour for moderation before appearing on the site. We ask you to keep your comments relevant and respectful. Visit our Community Guidelines for more information. Sign in to Comment Connect With Us Most Popular Now Windsor woman dies in Chatham-Kent crash | Windsor Star Pussycat Dolls’ raunchy ‘nearly naked’ reunion sparks 400 complaints | Windsor Star Nurses group launches petition to get Windsor police to carry naloxone | Windsor Star Guest column: Anesthesiologist shortage could be solved with nurse anesthetists | Windsor Star Local home sale prices expected to make another big hike in 2020 | Windsor Star Kid Rock opens up about foul-mouthed Oprah Winfrey rant | Windsor Star Windsor makes appearance (kind of) in The Irishman | Windsor Star Weather Weather Currently Feels Like We want you to have the most accurate weather report you can. Please enter a valid postal code Traffic Share this story How to handle hot-potato election issues at Thanksgiving dinner Facebook Twitter Reddit Email Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn News All News Local News National World Traffic Business All Business Local Business Energy Technology FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Hockey Football Baseball Basketball Golf Soccer Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies Television Music Books Celebrity Life Milestones All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes Food From the Vault Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Travel 365 Bloor St East, Toronto, ON, M4W3L4, www.postmedia.com © 2019 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Classifieds Obits Careers Browse Classifieds Place a Classified Ad Celebrating Driving FlyerCity Local Directory Legal Privacy – Updated Terms Copyright & Permissions Digital Ad Registry Services Advertise With Us Subscribe My Subscription Edit Profile Contact ePaper Digital Access Contests Partnerships Properties Calgary Herald Canada.com Edmonton Journal London Free Press Montreal Gazette National Post Ottawa Citizen Leader-Post (Regina) The StarPhoenix (Saskatoon) The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun