How to keep your car’s interior clean this winter | Driving Home News & Opinion Latest News Auto Shows Motor Mouth Lorraine Complains More Columns Reviews First Drives Road Tests Comparisons All Reviews Research Buyer's Guide Car Comparison New Car Deals Video Features All Features Safety and Maintenance Supercars Luxury Cars Classic Cars Electric Cars Motorcycles Lifestyle Gear Guide Get Exclusive Pricing Search Search Driving Popular Now Lorraine Explains: Mad enough to leave your insurance company? Wait! 1 4,000-hp Thor24 custom truck hammers for US$12 million in Saudi Arabia 2 These 5 cars’ iconic names were tarnished by their makers 3 This guy built a working ‘Star Wars’ land speeder in his garage 4 Colour commentary: why is bright paint on cars so expensive? 5 Feature Story How to keep your car's interior clean this winter Five LEGO car kits I – a grown man – want this Christmas These 5 cars' iconic names were tarnished by their makers HOME / Features / Feature Story / How to keep your car's interior clean this winter Keeping your ride clean in winter can make it last longer, and save you money by Justin Pritchard   | 2 days ago SHARE STORY Winter in much of Canada is not very conducive to the prolonged existence of an automobile. Cold temperatures cripple your car’s battery. Salt chews through its metal; moisture encourages corrosion from the inside-out; and sand causes paint damage, and can build up beneath your ride where it speeds up existing corrosion and invites new corrosion to begin. Worse, you’re tracking heaps of this salty and abrasive stuff on board, every time you get into your ride. Salt, slush, melt, repeat. It’s happening right under your feet — and this abrasive recipe for disaster sees sand build up, trapping that salty water in place as it seeps deeper into the carpeting, and the metal floor beneath. That is, unless you’ve got a proper set of winter floor mats (or floor liners). Mats matter Numerous options are available. Find one you like, but make sure it’s totally waterproof — you want to form an impermeable barrier between the liquid rust dripping from your Sorels, and the thirsty carpeting beneath. If you want to maintain the appearance and resale value of whatever you drive, winter floor protection is just as important as winter tires. RELATED Winter car-wash tips Top 10 things you need to do to your car right now for spring I use WeatherTech mats in my Subaru. They’re easy to clean and feel like they’ll outlive the car, but they’re a little more slippery beneath my feet than I like. Many in my circle have strong praise for Husky Liners as well. For my Volkswagen, I went with the factory all-weather mats. Like many dealer-supplied options I’ve encountered lately, these are thick, deep, heavy and even seem a little overkill — perfect for winter in Sudbury. Forget fabric Just be sure to avoid any use of fabric or carpeting, since you’ll want to dry the mats off before reinstalling. Remember — the easiest way to clean out yucky winter mats is to lay them out at the coin-wash and give them a good hot-water blast with about 2,000 PSI. Your laundry-room sink will do just fine, too. Drip-dry is fine at home; at the coin-op, I wave each mat vigorously like a crazy-person, flinging off as much water as I can. You can melt salt out of your ride’s footwell carpeting as well. Built-up and caked-on salt can be a real pain, but special spray-on products are available that dissolve salt stains, though they usually require some brushing and vacuuming (and a little elbow grease) to complete the work. If you’ve ever had to clean pesky salt stains like this, you know the floor liners are worth the money. Handy hacks Another trick involves a kettle of hot water and a liquid-capable shop-vac: just pour hot water slowly onto the offending crystalized mess, and vacuum it up in liquid form. You’ll have to wait for springtime to try this method, as you’ll need to let the carpeting dry out over the course of a warm day afterwards. If you’re after a more complete winter clean on the quick, consider a few drops of liquid dish soap in a small pail of hot water. Use a rag, and this warm solution will quickly melt through salt, food, pet and child stains on trim, leather and windows. Plus, the warm water feels nice on your hands, because it’s winter. I often use this method to quickly detail a car interior before a wintertime photo-shoot. If you’ll use this warm solution to clean glass (it’s great on glass) be mindful of the temperature difference between your warm rag and the icy window, unless you want to see a really cool explosion. But boots— Let’s conclude with a great trick to keep the winter crud outside: the oh-so-Canadian mid-air boot-clap. People who kick their boots off on their rocker panels are literally monsters. So this maneuver involves entering the car bum-first (and bum-only), leaning back, extending your legs in mid-air beside the car, and clapping your boots no less than three times before swinging them in behind the pedals. Practice this maneuver, and teach it to your loved ones. And get those winter floor liners. Outside addendum Oh! And a quick tip for the outside: You’re probably not going to detail your car’s exterior in the winter, but a regular bath on a weekly basis, with targeted blasts of high-pressure water for all nooks and crannies, is highly advised. Use the spray-wand at the coin-wash to flush as much sand and sediment as possible from your ride’s wheelwells, undercarriage, suspension, frame rails and rockers. Drivers intimate with their vehicle’s underside will know where to aim. Your mission? Wiping out little piles of sand that have started to build up in or between various metal panels and parts. These sand piles accumulate quickly, trapping salty water against the metal and encouraging corrosion. RELATED TAGS Flex Safety and Maintenance Feature Story COMMENTS SHARE YOUR THOUGHTS We encourage all readers to share their views on our articles using Facebook commenting Visit our FAQ page for more information. Local Pricing & Incentives Year 2019 2018 2017 Choose A Make Choose A Model Choose A Trim Please select a vehicle MSRP $--- See what your neighbours are paying Most Popular Comparisons Midsize sedans to heat things up Go big and go home with new pickups Hybrids making it easier to go green Compact cars without compromise Top picks for a blend of sport and utility Battle of bulk between these muscle cars Faceoff between best-selling sports utes Popular Now Lorraine Explains: Mad enough to leave your insurance company? Wait! 1 4,000-hp Thor24 custom truck hammers for US$12 million in Saudi Arabia 2 These 5 cars’ iconic names were tarnished by their makers 3 This guy built a working ‘Star Wars’ land speeder in his garage 4 Colour commentary: why is bright paint on cars so expensive? 5 You may also like Feature Story  Colour commentary: why is bright paint on cars so expensive? Feature Story  These 5 cars' iconic names were tarnished by their makers Feature Story  Five LEGO car kits I – a grown man – want this Christmas Feature Story  Motor Mouth: Too tipsy? These volunteers will get you home for free — in your own… Feature Story  5 stupid winter driving hacks to avoid when you're facing an ice storm Feature Story  Motor Mouth: The good, the bad and, whoa, the ugly about Tesla's new Cybertruck Share This Story All Car Brands Acura Alfa Romeo Aston Martin Audi Bentley BMW Bugatti Buick Cadillac Chevrolet Chrysler Daewoo Dodge Eagle Ferrari FIAT Fisker Ford Genesis GMC Honda HUMMER Hyundai Infiniti Isuzu Jaguar Jeep Kia Lamborghini Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Lotus Maserati Maybach Mazda McLaren Mercedes-Benz Mercury MINI Mitsubishi Nissan Oldsmobile Peugeot Plymouth Pontiac Porsche Ram Renault Rolls-Royce Saab Saturn Scion Smart Spyker Subaru Suzuki Tesla Toyota Volkswagen Volvo A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Subscribe to the Driving newsletter Thank you for subscribing! Please input a valid e-mail address Sign me up! Follow Driving is a part of Postmedia Network Inc. About Driving Contact Us FAQ Advertiser Inquiries Sitemap 365 Bloor St East, Toronto, ON, M4W3L4, www.postmedia.com © 2019 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distrbution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Privacy Terms Copyright & Permissions