Illinois storms from 25 down to beat Michigan State | Windsor Star	 Skip to navigation Skip to content News All News Local News National Election 2019 World Traffic Business All Business Local Business Energy Technology All Technology Gaming Internet Personal Tech Science Space Tech-Biz FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Hockey All Hockey NHL Detroit Red Wings Toronto Maple Leafs Football All Football NFL Detroit Lions CFL Baseball All Baseball Detroit Tigers Basketball All Basketball NBA NCAA Windsor Express Golf Golf Videos Soccer All Soccer International Soccer MLS Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies All Movies Movie Listings Television All Television TV Listings Music All Music NP Music Books Celebrity Life Milestones All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes All Homes Condos Decorating Gardening Renovating Vacation Homes Food All Food Local Food Reviews Recipes From the Vault Health All Health Diet & Fitness Family & Child Men Women Seniors Sexual Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Travel Obits Classifieds All Classifieds Flyercity Celebrating Browse Listings Place a Classifieds Ad Local Directory Careers Driving All Driving News Reviews Car Comparison Buyer’s Guide Subscription Sports Basketball NCAA |Featured: Library Strike Fit Tips Kelly Steele Windsor In Pictures | More Open Search Close Search Search Videos Sign In Sign Out Subscribe Illinois storms from 25 down to beat Michigan State Reuters Updated: November 9, 2019 Matt Dotson of the Michigan State Spartans battles for extra yards after a first half catch against Milo Eifler of the Illinois Fighting Illini at Spartan Stadium on November 09, 2019 in East Lansing, Michigan. Gregory Shamus / Getty Images Share Adjust Comment Print Brandon Peters hit Daniel Barker with a 5-yard touchdown pass with five seconds to play as Illinois erased a 25-point deficit and defeated Michigan State 37-34 on Saturday in East Lansing, Mich. It was the largest comeback in school history and the Fighting Illini (6-4, 4-3 Big Ten) won their fourth in a row to become bowl eligible for the first time since 2014. The Spartans (4-5, 2-4) have lost four in a row and need two wins over the last three weeks to be bowl eligible. Peters threw for a career-high 369 yards and three touchdowns and Josh Imatorbhebhe had four catches for 178 yards and two scores. It was all Michigan State in the first half as Elijah Collins, who rushed for 170 yards, had a pair of touchdown runs. Quarterback Brian Lewerke also ran for a score and hit Tre Mosley for an 18-yard touchdown as the Spartans built a 28-3 lead. But it was all Illinois in the second half as Michigan State managed only a pair of field goals and the Illini took advantage of three Lewerke interceptions and a fumble. Two Lewerke interceptions off tipped passes — one in the end zone — stalled a pair of MSU drives in the second quarter when MSU had a chance to put the game away. Illinois took advantage, getting a 46-yard touchdown pass from Peters to Imatorbhebhe on the final play of the first half to cut the deficit to 28-10. A field goal put the Spartans up 31-10 early in the third quarter before Illinois erupted for 27 points in the fourth quarter. The Illini got the rally started with an 83-yard TD pass from Peters to Imatorbhebhe. Four minutes later, Illinois was back in the end zone as Reggie Corbin scored on a 6-yard run to make it 31-24 with 11:06 left in the game. Sydney Brown then intercepted Lewerke and returned it 76 yards for a score. After a missed extra point, MSU got another field goal to go up 34-30. But Illinois then drove 75 yards in 13 plays for the winning score to complete the comeback. –Field Level Media No. 2 Michigan State beats Wisconsin, wraps up Big Ten title This Week's Flyers Comments Postmedia is pleased to bring you a new commenting experience. We are committed to maintaining a lively but civil forum for discussion and encourage all readers to share their views on our articles. Comments may take up to an hour for moderation before appearing on the site. We ask you to keep your comments relevant and respectful. Visit our Community Guidelines for more information. Sign in to Comment Connect With Us Most Popular Now Windsor woman dies in Chatham-Kent crash | Windsor Star Pussycat Dolls’ raunchy ‘nearly naked’ reunion sparks 400 complaints | Windsor Star Man gets house arrest for defrauding employer of almost $1 million | Windsor Star Windsor Weather Forecast - News & Reports | Windsor Star Kid Rock opens up about foul-mouthed Oprah Winfrey rant | Windsor Star Windsor man killed in accident in driveway | Windsor Star Amherstburg Diageo workers ratify 3-year contract | Windsor Star Share this story Illinois storms from 25 down to beat Michigan State Facebook Twitter Reddit Email Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn News All News Local News National World Traffic Business All Business Local Business Energy Technology FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Hockey Football Baseball Basketball Golf Soccer Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies Television Music Books Celebrity Life Milestones All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes Food From the Vault Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Travel 365 Bloor St East, Toronto, ON, M4W3L4, www.postmedia.com © 2019 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Classifieds Obits Careers Browse Classifieds Place a Classified Ad Celebrating Driving FlyerCity Local Directory Legal Privacy – Updated Terms Copyright & Permissions Digital Ad Registry Services Advertise With Us Subscribe My Subscription Edit Profile Contact ePaper Digital Access Contests Partnerships Properties Calgary Herald Canada.com Edmonton Journal London Free Press Montreal Gazette National Post Ottawa Citizen Leader-Post (Regina) The StarPhoenix (Saskatoon) The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun