Internet News - CRTC, ISPs, Social Networks & More  | Saskatoon StarPhoenix	 Skip to navigation Skip to content News All News Local News Saskatchewan Politics Election 2019 National World Business All Business Local Business Energy Mining Mortgages Money Technology All Technology Gaming Internet Personal Tech Science Space Tech-Biz FP Markets Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Local Sports All Local Sports U of S Huskies Saskatoon Hilltops Hockey All Hockey NHL Saskatoon Blades Football All Football CFL Saskatchewan Roughriders NFL Baseball Basketball All Basketball NBA NCAA Golf Golf Videos Soccer All Soccer International Soccer MLS MMA Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies Television All Television TV Listings Music All Music NP Music Books Celebrity Life All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes All Homes Buying & Selling Condos Decorating Gardening Renovating Vacation Homes Living Spaces Food All Food Local Food Reviews Recipes Health All Health Diet & Fitness Family & Child Men Women Seniors Sexual Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Festivals Travel Bridges Puzzles & Comics Obits Classifieds All Classifieds Flyercity Celebrating Browse Listings Place a Classifieds Ad Local Directory Careers Driving All Driving News Reviews Car Comparison Buyer’s Guide Subscription Business Technology Internet |Featured: Top Employers | More Open Search Close Search Search Videos Sign In Sign Out Subscribe More Stories How news organizations are battling the scourge of trolls in the comment section Canadian spies monitor file-sharing services as part of terrorist hunt: report Clueless British politician says Snapchat helped ISIS take over territory in Syria and Iraq Netflix says piracy-filled Popcorn Time is a serious competitor How to hide your online identity with a VPN service With the Canadian Copyright Modernization Act’s final portion going into effect on Jan. 1, forcing internet service providers (ISPs) to forward copyright holders violation claims to their customers, many Canadians are seeking ways to hide their identity online. The most common way of hiding your personal information, as well as your location and Internet Protocol address (IP Address) – […] Trial of alleged Silk Road creator begins The lawyers for 30-year-old Ross Ulbricht (known online as Dread Pirate Roberts), the alleged creator of the Silk Road, a shadowy online community where drugs and other illegal items were exchanged and sold, claim he is nothing more than the “perfect fall guy” for the website’s real owners. Ulbricht is currently on trial in New York and is accused of […] U.S. Central Command Twitter and YouTube accounts allegedly hacked by ISIS Early Monday afternoon, the U.S. Central Command’s (CENTCOM) Twitter account began sharing images, allegedly of internal sensitive CENTCOM documents, as well as messages from the Islamic State (ISIS). The first tweet sent out links to a Pastebin post with links to downloads of “confidential data.” The Pentagon is reportedly aware of the issue. Pastebin is an […] Why illegal downloading just became riskier for Canadians Downloading copyrighted content through file sharing services just became little more risky for Canadians. The final part of Canada’s Copyright Modernization Act went into effect on Jan. 1, requiring Internet Service Providers (ISPs) and website hosts to relay notices of copyright infringement allegations to their customers. While these notices don’t carry immediate legal ramifications, they serve […] Hundreds of The Pirate Bay clone websites emerge in wake of shutdown More than two weeks have passed since The Pirate Bay’s servers were raided by Swedish authorities, pulling the site permanently offline. In the wake of this shutdown, as many as 400 Pirate Bay clone websites have cropped up, with most of the copies based on the new IsoHunt’s oldpiratebay.org, an archive of every Torrent uploaded […] Follow Mr. Claus around the world with the 2014 NORAD Santa Tracker It’s the night before Christmas and Santa is hard at work right now delivering toys to boys and girls all over the world, and just like every year, North American Aerospace Defense Command (NORAD) is meticulously tracking the jolly white bearded man’s movements. NORAD has been live tweeting Santa’s journey over the course of today and his […] Page 1 of 3 Connect With Us Weather Weather Currently Feels Like We want you to have the most accurate weather report you can. Please enter a valid postal code This Week's Flyers News All News Local News Saskatchewan Politics National World Business All Business Local Business Energy Mining Mortgages Money Technology FP Markets Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Local Sports Hockey Football Baseball Basketball Golf Soccer MMA Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies Television Music Books Celebrity Life All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes Food Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Festivals Travel Bridges Puzzles & Comics 365 Bloor St East, Toronto, ON, M4W3L4, www.postmedia.com © 2019 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Classifieds Obits Careers Browse Classifieds Place an Ad Driving FlyerCity Local Directory Legal Privacy – Updated Terms Copyright Digital Ad Registry Services Advertise With Us Subscribe My Subscription Edit Profile Contact ePaper Digital Access Contests NIE Properties Calgary Herald Canada.com Edmonton Journal London Free Press Montreal Gazette National Post Ottawa Citizen Leader-Post (Regina) The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun Windsor Star Post to Cancel