Investor Tej Kohli Expands ‘Venture Philanthropy’ Into 3d-printed Bionic Arms | Windsor Star	 Skip to navigation Skip to content News All News Local News National Election 2019 World Traffic Business All Business Local Business Energy Technology All Technology Gaming Internet Personal Tech Science Space Tech-Biz FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Hockey All Hockey NHL Detroit Red Wings Toronto Maple Leafs Football All Football NFL Detroit Lions CFL Baseball All Baseball Detroit Tigers Basketball All Basketball NBA NCAA Windsor Express Golf Golf Videos Soccer All Soccer International Soccer MLS Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies All Movies Movie Listings Television All Television TV Listings Music All Music NP Music Books Celebrity Life Milestones All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes All Homes Condos Decorating Gardening Renovating Vacation Homes Food All Food Local Food Reviews Recipes From the Vault Health All Health Diet & Fitness Family & Child Men Women Seniors Sexual Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Travel Obits Classifieds All Classifieds Flyercity Celebrating Browse Listings Place a Classifieds Ad Local Directory Careers Driving All Driving News Reviews Car Comparison Buyer’s Guide Subscription |Featured: Windsor International Film Festival Obesity Life After Death Spitfires Dying for a Drink Exit Wounds Election 2019 100 years of Point Pelee Opioid Crisis Windsor Tech Cannabis Help Wanted Anne Jarvis Windsor-Detroit bridge Woofa-Roo 2019 Reader Letters | More Open Search Close Search Search Videos Sign In Sign Out Subscribe Investor Tej Kohli Expands 'Venture Philanthropy' Into 3d-printed Bionic Arms Business Wire Updated: November 29, 2019 Tej Kohli Foundation co-Founder Wendy Kohli, Tilly Lockey wearing Open Bionics arms, Tej Kohli Foundation co-Founder Tej Kohli, future Hero Arm recipient Jacob Pickering, future Hero Arm recipient Harris Gribble Business Wire Share Adjust Comment Print The Tej Kohli Foundation is funding 3D-printed bionic arms for 10 British children from Bristol-based robotics pioneer Open Bionics. Open Bionics is building and developing the next generation of low-cost bionic limbs that turn disabilities into superpowers. Kohli was also an early investor in Open Bionics and advocates its superior robotics technology for improving the confidence of children. LONDON — Investor Tej Kohli is to fund the purchase of ten bionic arms for children with limb differences in the UK. The Tej Kohli Foundation hopes that its commitment to fund arms for ten children over the next 5 months as part of its ‘Future Bionics’ program will highlight how assistive technology can substantially improve the lives and confidence of young people living with disabilities. The Tej Kohli Foundation hopes to inspire and influence other healthcare institutions to follow this lead and discover the advanced 3D-printed technology. In England the National Health Service (‘NHS’) currently provides a single-grip myoelectric-controlled (‘myo’) prosthesis at a cost of approximately £8,000. However, the Open Bionics Hero Arm can be controlled with the electrical signals generated by a user’s muscles and has superior multi-grip functionality that enables users to perform many more everyday activities. The Open Bionics Hero Arm costs £10,000 through a private prosthetics clinic in the UK, whereas other advanced multi-grip bionic hands cost £30,000 – £60,000. The Tej Kohli Foundation will spend an initial £100,000 to launch its ‘Future Bionics’ programme, which will enable ten British children to access not just a superior technology, but a better life. The first Hero Arm recipient is 10-year-old Jacob Pickering from Blackburn, who will receive his new Hero Arm just in time for Christmas. Jacob was born without his right arm as a result of amniotic band syndrome. All Jacob has spoken about for the past month is the Hero Arm, and his father David is “completely overwhelmed” that Jacob has been selected for a donation and claims that it will “change Jacob’s life”. The second Hero Arm recipient is 14-year-old Harris Gribble from Exeter, who is a keen Rugby and Cricket player. The lightweight Hero Arm is currently the only multi-grip myo prosthetic arm that is available for paediatric use. The enhanced ability of the user to be able to personalise their 3D-printed Open Bionics Hero Arm is also a huge boost to mental well-being and to perceived social acceptance. This is particularly important for younger people. Investor Tej Kohli first discovered Bristol-based Open Bionics when he invested into ‘Rewired’, a robotics-focused venture studio ‘with a humanitarian bent’ that was a very-early backer of Open Bionics in 2017. Tej Kohli, Co-Founder of the Tej Kohli Foundation said: “We started the Tej Kohli Foundation in 2005 with a project to provide daily meals for 1,000 children in Costa Rica. Since then the Tej Kohli Foundation has supported projects all over the world and helped tens of thousands of people, especially those living with disability. This gift of ten bionic arms is the first project that we have ever initiated in the UK. I see it as just the beginning, and my hope is that this gift will help to highlight the positive difference that technology can make to the confidence and prospects of a younger person. We’re doing this as an example, but we hope that others will follow our lead. These technologies are now so accessible and affordable that healthcare organisations such as the NHS should do more to embrace and improve access to them for disabled young people.” Samantha Payne, Co-Founder and COO of Open Bionics said: “We’re really grateful to the Tej Kohli Foundation for pledging to fund advanced bionic arms for ten children in the UK. These children are amongst dozens of people with upper limb differences in the UK fundraising right now for a Hero Arm. We’ve worked really hard to achieve a price point for the device that is acceptable for existing NHS budgets for prosthetic provision, and we very much hope the NHS sees how helpful these devices are and will begin offering them to the people who need them.” Children and adults with below-elbow limb differences can register their interest at www.openbionics.com. Images and profiles of the recipients of the Hero Arms can be downloaded here: https://www.dropbox.com/sh/wakjc66nz1ljjpb/AADwtFqgu7j-xhEtTRzYuBdsa?dl=0 About Open Bionics Open Bionics was founded in 2014 by Joel Gibbard and Samantha Payne with the goal of developing affordable, assistive devices that enhance the human body. In other words, Open Bionics turns disabilities into superpowers. The Bristol-based bionics company is known globally for using 3D printing and 3D scanning, along with some clever software and design, to make advanced, affordable and accessible bionic limbs. In May 2018, the company released the Hero Arm, the world’s first medically approved 3D-printed bionic arm, and the very first multi-grip bionic arm for children as young as eight years old. The Hero Arm is available now through private prosthetic clinics all around the world. Open Bionics have a development contract with NHS England, with the aim of offering the Hero Arm on the NHS in the UK. They also have royalty-free licensing agreements with Disney, Marvel, Lucasfilm, Eidos Montreal and Twentieth Century Fox, making science fiction a reality. http://www.openbionics.com About the Tej Kohli Foundation Founded in 2005, the Tej Kohli Foundation seeks to make interventions that transform individual lives. It is best known for its global mission to end corneal blindness, which disproportionately impacts young people in poorer countries. Since 2015 the Foundation has funded free corneal transplants in poor communities in India; and in 2019 the Foundation gifted $2m to Mass Eye and Ear in Boston, a teaching hospital of Harvard Medical School, to support the development of new technologies to cure blindness. Through its ‘Impact Initiatives’ the Tej Kohli Foundation also makes direct interventions into the lives of young people whose confidence and prospects can be substantially improved. Previous ‘Impact Initiatives’ have included financial support for disabled children in Costa Rice, feeding schoolchildren at after-school clubs in poor communities, and also producing a short film to highlight the plight of young people in India living with a rare genetic disease. http://www.tejkohlifoundation.com About Tej Kohli Tej Kohli is a London-based investor and philanthropist who first rose to success selling technology solutions and payments software during the dot com boom. His current focus is as a real estate investor within the world’s newly emerging technology hubs, and as a backer of high-impact AI, robotics and genomics ventures that have the potential to transform lives and change the world. He is also a major esports investor. Tej Kohli is a distinguished Alumni of the Indian Institute of Technology in Kanpur (IITK) where he completed a degree in Electrical Engineering. http://www.tejkohli.com END View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20191128005558/en/ Contacts To request interviews please use the contact details below: Helen Tarbet / Simon Compton / Kim van Beeck / Hannah Ratcliff (Buchanan Communications) kohliventures@buchanan.uk.com +44 207 466 5000 Reader letter: Patient grateful for hospital care during surgery, recovery Skip the Dishes reveals Windsor's favourite food This Week's Flyers Comments Postmedia is pleased to bring you a new commenting experience. We are committed to maintaining a lively but civil forum for discussion and encourage all readers to share their views on our articles. Comments may take up to an hour for moderation before appearing on the site. We ask you to keep your comments relevant and respectful. Visit our Community Guidelines for more information. Sign in to Comment Connect With Us Most Popular Now Local home sale prices expected to make another big hike in 2020 | Windsor Star Guest column: Anesthesiologist shortage could be solved with nurse anesthetists | Windsor Star Pussycat Dolls’ raunchy ‘nearly naked’ reunion sparks 400 complaints | Windsor Star Amherstburg Diageo workers ratify 3-year contract | Windsor Star Nurses group launches petition to get Windsor police to carry naloxone | Windsor Star Windsor woman dies in Chatham-Kent crash | Windsor Star Flood watch issued for Windsor-Essex | Windsor Star Weather Weather Currently Feels Like We want you to have the most accurate weather report you can. Please enter a valid postal code Traffic Share this story Investor Tej Kohli Expands 'Venture Philanthropy' Into 3d-printed Bionic Arms Facebook Twitter Reddit Email Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn News All News Local News National World Traffic Business All Business Local Business Energy Technology FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Hockey Football Baseball Basketball Golf Soccer Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies Television Music Books Celebrity Life Milestones All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes Food From the Vault Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Travel 365 Bloor St East, Toronto, ON, M4W3L4, www.postmedia.com © 2019 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Classifieds Obits Careers Browse Classifieds Place a Classified Ad Celebrating Driving FlyerCity Local Directory Legal Privacy – Updated Terms Copyright & Permissions Digital Ad Registry Services Advertise With Us Subscribe My Subscription Edit Profile Contact ePaper Digital Access Contests Partnerships Properties Calgary Herald Canada.com Edmonton Journal London Free Press Montreal Gazette National Post Ottawa Citizen Leader-Post (Regina) The StarPhoenix (Saskatoon) The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun