Issuu Sales — Sell Digital Content Online in Minutes Skip to content OVERVIEW FEATURES Create Stories Shareable Full Screen Reader Design Templates Monetize Digital Sales Advertising Reseller Program Analytics Enhance Embedded Video Shopping & Web Links Share Embed and Social Sharing Teams Groups Collaborate SOLUTIONS Role Creators Marketers Educators & Students Editors Industry Sales Government Non-Profit Travel Sports Human Resources Real Estate RESOURCES Toolkits & Templates Publisher Toolkit Social Sharing Toolkit Design Templates How Tos Preparing Your Document Sell Your Content Tutorials Webinars Support FAQs Help Topics BLOG PLANS ISSUU.COM LOG IN OVERVIEW FEATURES Create Stories Shareable Full Screen Reader Design Tools and Templates Enhance Embedded Video Shopping and Web Links Share Embed and Social Sharing Monetize Digital Sales Analytics Advertising Reseller Program Teams Groups Collaborate SOLUTIONS Role Creators Marketers Educators & Students Editors Industry Sales Government Non-Profit Travel Sports Human Resources Real Estate PLANS ISSUU.COM BLOG LOG IN Digital Sales SuzieQ Sharky 2019-08-02T21:18:39+00:00 It's Here. The Best Way to Sell Digital Content. Get Issuu Sales, a secure content sales solution that works beautifully on any device with the Issuu Story Cloud. START FREE TRIAL GET ISSUU PREMIUM SELL NOW It's Here. The Best Way to Sell Your Digital Content. Get Issuu Sales, a secure content sales solution that works beautifully on any device with the Issuu Story Cloud. START FREE TRIAL GET ISSUU PREMIUM SELL NOW Through Issuu Sales, publishers can sell digital access to their content on Issuu, as a subscription or sell as single issues. START FREE TRIAL GET ISSUU PREMIUM SELL NOW Beautiful & Mobile-Ready Give your fans a solution as beautiful as your publication that works on any device. Sell Anywhere Drive sales with free previews of Stories inside your publication. Share via site & social channels. Easy Setup + Optimization You control what previews and cover price work for your business and your content. Fast And Fair Payment Get paid directly by your readers with Stripe. Set-up is easy, funds deposit direct to your account. Single Or Subscription Let your readers buy your magazine as a single issue or as part of a subscription. Controlled Access Only verified purchasers get full access to your Issuu content. Control downloads, in a click. Issuu Publisher Spotlight Luca Magazine Luca Magazine is an up-and-coming lifestyle magazine for the next generation, intended to ignite, empower and accept readers of all kinds. The gorgeous quarterly publication features individuals who are changing the world, including entrepreneurs, scientists, athletes and more. The fashion and beauty stories have a forward-thinking edgy and globally-minded vibe. Jennifer O’Bannon, Founder & Editor-in-Chief, Luca Magazine "Issuu is extremely easy to use, and the features we need are all in the same place. In just one day, I put out our first issue, connected payments to Stripe and embedded it on our website." Explore Luca Magazine > Read the Case Study > Master of Simplicity Fátima Teixeira single mom and founder of the project Master of Simplicity a bi-monthly magazine about minimalism, simple living and wellness uses Issuu to reach an audience around the world. Fátima Teixeira, Master of Simplicity Magazine "It's amazing to see how Issuu is more than just a company or a business. They helped me, a single mom, to put my dream worldwide, more than I could imagine. The team is very supportive and they deal with every single publisher with a special care." Explore Master of Simplicity Magazine > Sweet Paul From a blog to a seasonal print and online magazine, Sweet Paul has emphasized the quality of its content and its partnerships over all else. For Paul Lowe and Paul Vitale, a lot of their success can be attributed to how Issuu helps them share, sell and measure their digital issues, all with the Issuu Story Cloud. Paul Vitale, Sweet Paul Magazine “We’re thrilled to leave our old digital subscription solution behind – the user flow is amazing on Issuu, both for our setup, and for our readers’ purchase experience.” Explore Sweet Paul Magazine > Watch the video > Read the Success Story > Naked Magazine Catherine Powell uses Issuu to create high-quality publications and continue to provide the standards her readers expect from NKD magazine. Catherine Powell, NKD Magazine “Being able to sell on Issuu has given NKD the resources to create more high-quality content while still giving readers what they've grown to expect from NKD: stories.” Explore NKD Magazine > Magazines, E-Books, & Promotional Content Magazines Launch your media empire with digital sales for your magazine. Start a new zine or compliment your print editions with digital sales to boost readership and bring your content to new audiences online. E-Books & Reports Industry experts, specialists and authors can self-publish to a built-in audience of millions. With digital sales you can easily update editions, share content online, and set up deposits to collect payments. Promotional Content From special event programs to branded materials, you have content worth selling. Sell your content to fans and collectors seeking out a good read on their favorite sports, activities, and brands they love. Everything Else You Need to Know about Selling Content on Issuu. What countries and currencies are supported? To sell magazines on Issuu, you must be based in a country supported by Stripe, our payments partner. You can choose to sell your magazine in USD, EUR, AUD, CAD or GBP, but readers can purchase it from nearly anywhere in the world with a major debit or credit card. Are there any restrictions? You must own the rights to sell your content and you must operate in a country supported by Stripe, our payments partner. See our Terms for more. What are the fees? First, you need a subscription to a Premium or Optimum publisher plan. For each sale, Stripe, our payments provider, will automatically take out a transaction fee (generally 20-30 cents, plus a percentage usually under 3%) and a 30% Issuu commission fee. The rest of your revenue will be automatically posted in your Stripe account. What is Stripe? What if I don’t have an account? Stripe is a leading online payments platform, and we’re partnering with them so publishers can charge for their publications and collect credit and debit card payments from their readers. When you first set up your publications for sale, you’ll be able to connect an existing Stripe account or create a new one for free. How do readers purchase and read my magazines? Readers can purchase your magazine from directly within the preview edition or via a direct link. Readers can then read the full edition on issuu.com, and in the free Issuu iOS and Android apps. Readers can use any device; no need to download Flash plug-ins. How do magazine subscriptions work? Readers will pay in advance and automatically receive access to your latest issue and future issues. Subscriptions do not auto-renew. You’ll be able to customize subscription duration, number of issues included, and price. You can also choose to not include a publication in a subscription, and make it available for single-sale only. How do preview editions work? To entice readers to purchase your magazine, you can select which pages to include in a free preview edition, which will appear on issuu.com and in the Issuu mobile apps with a prominent BUY button. You can also embed it on your website, blog and social media. Will readers get a PDF download of their purchase? During the upload process you can choose to allow purchasers to download the PDF. However, for the best experience, we recommend that readers access and read their purchases on issuu.com or in our free iOS and Android apps. Can I offer my audience any promotional codes or discounts for a free edition of my content? Yes, with Free Access Codes users can access a particular Digital Sales publication for free. Free Access Codes are created and shared by Issuu publishers that sell their content on Issuu but want some of their readers to access the publication(s) without the need to purchase it. Learn how to create Free Access Code as a publisher here. I still have questions. Can I talk to someone? Absolutely. The fastest way to get in touch with our Customer Success team is to email digitalsuccess@issuu.com plus you can read our case study to see how other publishers have used Digital Sales to reach a wider audience online selling their content. The Best Way to Sell your Digital Content. Period. START FREE TRIAL GET ISSUU PREMIUM UPGRADE NOW Issuu.com Log In Read Publish Blog Plans Create, Enhance & Share Stories Full-Screen Reader Templates & Tools Embed & Social Sharing Embedded Video Monetize & Measure Digital Sales Shopping & Web Links Advertising on Issuu Reseller Program Statistics Teams Groups Collaborate Terms Privacy DMCA We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it. Ok Lean more