Issuu — How to make Instagram Stories once and share everywhere. Skip to content OVERVIEW FEATURES Create Stories Shareable Full Screen Reader Design Templates Monetize Digital Sales Advertising Reseller Program Analytics Enhance Embedded Video Shopping & Web Links Share Embed and Social Sharing Teams Groups Collaborate SOLUTIONS Role Creators Marketers Educators & Students Editors Industry Sales Government Non-Profit Travel Sports Human Resources Real Estate RESOURCES Toolkits & Templates Publisher Toolkit Social Sharing Toolkit Design Templates How Tos Preparing Your Document Sell Your Content Tutorials Webinars Support FAQs Help Topics BLOG PLANS ISSUU.COM LOG IN OVERVIEW FEATURES Create Stories Shareable Full Screen Reader Design Tools and Templates Enhance Embedded Video Shopping and Web Links Share Embed and Social Sharing Monetize Digital Sales Analytics Advertising Reseller Program Teams Groups Collaborate SOLUTIONS Role Creators Marketers Educators & Students Editors Industry Sales Government Non-Profit Travel Sports Human Resources Real Estate PLANS ISSUU.COM BLOG LOG IN Stories SuzieQ Sharky 2019-10-09T18:08:53+00:00 It’s Storytime. Stories are now the most impactful way to connect with new audiences on mobile, Instagram, Facebook, LinkedIn and more. Captivate more readers when you create and share Issuu Stories with the Issuu Story Cloud. CREATE STORIES START FREE TRIAL Bring All Types of Content to Life in Stories Explore examples of Stories from brochures to press releases. We've selected stand-out stories for you. Brochures Catalogs Lookbooks Magazines Marketing Newsletters Press Releases The First-Ever Story Cloud by Issuu Tap into the power of the Issuu Story Cloud, a suite of integrated digital publishing products to create once and share everywhere on Issuu. Create and share Instagram Stories, Stories on Facebook, LinkedIn Stories, Snapchat Stories and more. The Issuu Stories Experience The Issuu Story Cloud streamlines content creation and distribution to transform your content into Issuu Stories for sharing on Instagram, AMP, Facebook, LinkedIn and more. Andreas Kornhofer, General Manager, Red Bull Media House Publishing “The Issuu Story Cloud offers us a seamless process to create and share The Red Bulletin magazine by using this new feature. This allows us to capture new audiences and increase distribution of our magazine in an exciting and interesting way.“ Nathaniel Robert Budzinski, Global Editorial Manager, Bang & Olufsen “Bang & Olufsen has been creating innovative and iconic audiovisual design experiences since 1925, and storytelling is key in connecting people to our brand – there are so many stories that we can tell, almost too many stories! Issuu helps us reach the people we want to engage with our brand content, presenting our editorial with integrity. The Issuu Story Cloud will help further rationalise the decisions we make about our content, enabling storytelling using our brand approved assets and content to a high visual standard without requiring entire production teams.” Share Your Content As Stories Share individual articles, editorials, catalogs, brochures and more with the Issuu Story Cloud to reach new audiences on Instagram, Facebook, LinkedIn, Snapchat and more. Instagram and Social Turn heads with Instagram Stories converted from your content and customized for maximum impact. Google AMP Stories Optimized for Google indexing and prioritized for mobile search so more readers can find your Stories. Apple News The most compelling Issuu Stories are featured on Issuu’s Apple News channel for even more readers. Adobe InDesign Now publish Instagram Stories and more from Adobe InDesign projects with the Issuu Story Cloud. Select Stories are Featured on Issuu's Apple News Channel GET FEATURED Get Started Creating Stories We’ve made it easy to transform your content into shareable Issuu Stories for your website, Facebook, Instagram, LinkedIn and more, that are optimized for the best reading experience across every platform. Cloud of Content Upload your content to the Issuu publisher workspace including Dropbox and Google Drive™ integration and transform it using the suite of Issuu Story Cloud products. Feature your content with our interactive full-screen flipbook style reader on big screens or optimize it for mobile with the Issuu Story Cloud. START FREE TRIAL CREATE STORIES Make a Visual Story Create unique and immersive Visual Stories with animation, photos, text and even video using the Inspire or Voice templates for Instagram, AMP, Facebook, LinkedIn, Snapchat and more. Learn More > START FREE TRIAL CREATE STORIES Make an Article Story Highlight articles and specific sections of your uploaded content by customizing your headlines, photos and text to display as slick scrolls on small screens. Learn More > START FREE TRIAL CREATE STORIES Get the Issuu App Download the Issuu App to keep your Story creations in motion. Create Issuu Stories with animation, photos and video in unique styles and templates. Then share your Stories to your social channels and measure your publication and Story performance using Issuu Analytics. Create Issuu Stories on Desktop Now it’s even easier to create Issuu Stories. Use our desktop tool to create Article Stories or animated Visual Stories directly from the content in your publications. Share as Instagram Stories, Facebook Stories and more START FREE TRIAL CREATE STORIES Get Started with Issuu Story Workshops Learn how to build Instagram Stories, Facebook Stories, Snapchat Stories, LinkedIn Stories and more, then share on social with Issuu Story Workshops. Create once. Share everywhere. Only on Issuu. Learn More > START FREE TRIAL CREATE STORIES Video Tutorials Everything you need to know to get started highlighting stories from your Issuu published content. Telling Your Brand Story Start Storytelling Now Issuu Stories is available to all publishers. To optimize your content with the Issuu Story Cloud suite of digital publishing products, upgrade to a Premium or Optimum Plan. START FREE TRIAL GET ISSUU PREMIUM UPGRADE NOW Issuu.com Log In Read Publish Blog Plans Create, Enhance & Share Stories Full-Screen Reader Templates & Tools Embed & Social Sharing Embedded Video Monetize & Measure Digital Sales Shopping & Web Links Advertising on Issuu Reseller Program Statistics Teams Groups Collaborate Terms Privacy DMCA We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it. Ok Lean more