Jason Momoa ‘beat all the Hemsworth’s’ to be GQ Australia’s Man of the Year | Windsor Star	 Skip to navigation Skip to content News All News Local News National Election 2019 World Traffic Business All Business Local Business Energy Technology All Technology Gaming Internet Personal Tech Science Space Tech-Biz FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Hockey All Hockey NHL Detroit Red Wings Toronto Maple Leafs Football All Football NFL Detroit Lions CFL Baseball All Baseball Detroit Tigers Basketball All Basketball NBA NCAA Windsor Express Golf Golf Videos Soccer All Soccer International Soccer MLS Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies All Movies Movie Listings Television All Television TV Listings Music All Music NP Music Books Celebrity Life Milestones All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes All Homes Condos Decorating Gardening Renovating Vacation Homes Food All Food Local Food Reviews Recipes From the Vault Health All Health Diet & Fitness Family & Child Men Women Seniors Sexual Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Travel Obits Classifieds All Classifieds Flyercity Celebrating Browse Listings Place a Classifieds Ad Local Directory Careers Driving All Driving News Reviews Car Comparison Buyer’s Guide Subscription Arts Celebrity |Featured: Windsor International Film Festival Dalson Chen Concerts & Events Live & Local Latest Movie News | More Open Search Close Search Search Videos Sign In Sign Out Subscribe Jason Momoa 'beat all the Hemsworth's' to be GQ Australia's Man of the Year WENN - World Entertainment News Network Updated: December 1, 2019 Share Adjust Comment Print Jason Momoa is “stoked” to have beat out the competition – including movie star brothers Liam and Chris Hemsworth – to be named GQ Australia’s Man of the Year. The 40-year-old Aquaman actor features on the cover of the publication’s latest issue, which hits newsstands on December 2, and jokingly confessed he feels “deserving” of the accolade. “Never in a million years did I think I would be the 2019 GQ Man of the Year. I’m really stoked that I got to beat all the Hemsworth’s because…you know…I finally deserve this,” Jason shared. “Also Australia, you know I love you. I hope I get to come down there for Aquaman 2 and thank you very much for this. Yeah, mate!” Reflecting on his 2019, Momoa listed the impressive array of film and TV projects he’s worked on, but called his activism and efforts to “spread awareness about climate change” his “personal highlight”. The star explained: “A really cool personal highlight I want to continue has been the activism I’ve been getting involved with environmentally, to spread awareness about climate change. “Then obviously I’ve done some cool artistic pieces, like See, and the film Dune with two of my favourite directors Francis Lawrence and Denis Villeneuve. It’s been unbelievable.” Back in September, Jason spoke up for “all island nations” and urged world leaders to step up their climate crisis efforts during a stern United Nations address. Related Jason Momoa joins 'Dune' remake cast 'TELL ME WHERE TO SIGN': Jason Momoa down for 'Twins' remake with Peter Dinklage Jason Momoa live-streams fans while 'stuck in a f---ing elevator' with dog at Vancouver hotel Lil Nas X pulls out of Billy Ray Cyrus show at... This Week's Flyers Comments Postmedia is pleased to bring you a new commenting experience. We are committed to maintaining a lively but civil forum for discussion and encourage all readers to share their views on our articles. Comments may take up to an hour for moderation before appearing on the site. We ask you to keep your comments relevant and respectful. Visit our Community Guidelines for more information. Sign in to Comment Connect With Us Most Popular Now Windsor woman dies in Chatham-Kent crash | Windsor Star Pussycat Dolls’ raunchy ‘nearly naked’ reunion sparks 400 complaints | Windsor Star Nurses group launches petition to get Windsor police to carry naloxone | Windsor Star Guest column: Anesthesiologist shortage could be solved with nurse anesthetists | Windsor Star Local home sale prices expected to make another big hike in 2020 | Windsor Star Kid Rock opens up about foul-mouthed Oprah Winfrey rant | Windsor Star Windsor makes appearance (kind of) in The Irishman | Windsor Star Share this story Jason Momoa 'beat all the Hemsworth's' to be GQ Australia's Man of the Year Facebook Twitter Reddit Email Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn News All News Local News National World Traffic Business All Business Local Business Energy Technology FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Hockey Football Baseball Basketball Golf Soccer Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies Television Music Books Celebrity Life Milestones All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes Food From the Vault Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Travel 365 Bloor St East, Toronto, ON, M4W3L4, www.postmedia.com © 2019 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Classifieds Obits Careers Browse Classifieds Place a Classified Ad Celebrating Driving FlyerCity Local Directory Legal Privacy – Updated Terms Copyright & Permissions Digital Ad Registry Services Advertise With Us Subscribe My Subscription Edit Profile Contact ePaper Digital Access Contests Partnerships Properties Calgary Herald Canada.com Edmonton Journal London Free Press Montreal Gazette National Post Ottawa Citizen Leader-Post (Regina) The StarPhoenix (Saskatoon) The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun