Keio University This page uses JavaScript. Please enable JavaScript in your browser. Jump to the content Jump to the navigation Header start 慶應義塾 Keio University Content start Keio Times Featured News & Events Recommended Keio Times Former Olympic Swimmer Leads International Aid Projects in Education at UNICEF Naoko Imoto Chief Education, UNICEF Greece Nov. 26, 2019 The Evolution of Keio's Official Alumni Reunions Through the Years Oct. 10, 2019 Minding the Material: The Importance of Bibliography Prof. Takahiro Sasaki Director, Keio Institute of Oriental Classics (Shido Bunko) Sept. 30, 2019 The Pursuit of Creativity: In Conversation with Fumio Nanjo Fumio Nanjo Director, Mori Art Museum Aug. 28, 2019 → Keio Times Index Featured SFC Open Research Forum (ORF) 2019 President Haseyama and Vice-President Obi Participate in the Japan-China University Presidents Conference Mita-Kai Homecoming Day 2019 KMD Forum 2019 "Behind & Beyond" Links to external sites Extension to Period of Limited Access to Interior of Old University Library First Victory in 19 years at the Meiji Jingu Baseball Tournament 61st Mita Festival Held News Events News Study in Japan Fair "Experience Japan Exhibition 2019" Held in LondonFri., Nov. 29, 2019 SFC Open Research Forum (ORF) 2019Fri., Nov. 29, 2019 61st Mita Festival HeldFri., Nov. 29, 2019 Update: Keio Research Highlights, "Kilocalories and killer calories ― assessing the cost of living"Links to external sitesThu., Nov. 28, 2019 Update: Keio Research Highlights, "Jurisprudence: Philosophy of law in the era of the Internet and artificial intelligence"Links to external sitesThu., Nov. 28, 2019 First Victory in 19 years at the Meiji Jingu Baseball TournamentTue., Nov. 26, 2019 →More →Press Releases Events 20th Annual Keio Science and Technology Exhibition "KEIO TECHNO-MALL 2019"Links to external sitesFri., Dec. 13, 2019 American Studies Association ― The International Conference on Transnational American StudiesLinks to external sitesFri., Dec. 6, 2019 KOSMIC's 35th Annual Japanese Speech Contest for the International StudentsLinks to external sitesSat., Dec. 7, 2019 KGRI Mini-Symposium: "Preparation against Seasonal Infections in Winter: Countermeasure against Infectious Diseases at the view point of Tokyo Olympic"Links to external sitesFri., Dec. 13, 2019 Award Ceremony and Commemorative Lectures of The Keio Medical Science Prize 2019Links to external sitesThu., Dec. 19, 2019 Shiba-Kyoyaku Festival (Japanese)Links to external sitesSat., Dec. 21, 2019 - Sun., Dec. 22, 2019 →More Recommended Office of the President Philosophy Global Engagement Free Online Courses FutureLearn Admissions Scholarships International Programs The Tokyo Games & Keio University Footer start About Keio Global Engagement Top 5 Reasons to Choose Keio Keio by the Numbers Office of the President Philosophy History Alumni Network Campus Information Facts and Figures Publications Conferment of Honorary Degree of Doctor Keio Logos Social Media & Videos e-Newsletter Admissions Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions Study Abroad Information Fairs Academic Fees FAQ Academics Fields of Study Undergraduate Graduate Study Abroad and International Programs Degree Programs Offered in English Double Degree Programs Short-term Programs Academic Calendar Libraries & Information Technology Services Affiliated Schools Research Find a Researcher Research Centers & Institutes Research Development & Collaboration Research Hubs Abroad Research by Campus Keio Research HighlightsLinks to external sites Student Life Student Voices Student HousingLinks to external sites Scholarships Career Services Athletics & Recreation Health & Well-being Latest News Keio Times News Press Releases Event Calendar The Tokyo Games & Keio University Jobs About This Site Site Map Privacy Policy Contact Us Copyright © Keio University. All rights reserved. ↑Page Top Navigation start Search Maps Language Maps Language ↓ Japanese English Chinese Korean About Keio ↓ Global Engagement Top 5 Reasons to Choose Keio Keio by the Numbers Office of the President Philosophy History Alumni Network Campus Information Continue Exploring Admissions ↓ Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions Study Abroad Information Fairs Academic Fees FAQ Academics ↓ Fields of Study Undergraduate Graduate Study Abroad and International Programs Double Degree Programs Degree Programs Offered in English Short-term Programs Academic Calendar Libraries & Information Technology Services Affiliated Schools Research ↓ Find a Researcher Research Centers and Institutes Research Development and Collaboration Research Hubs Abroad Research by Campus Keio Research Highlights Links to external sites Student Life ↓ Student Voices Student Housing Links to external sites Scholarships Career Services Athletics & Recreation Health & Well-being Visit Apply Students Alumni Internal Links More ↓ Internal Links News Press Releases Event Calendar Keio Times Contact Us Visit Apply Students Alumni