Leonardo DiCaprio fires back at Brazilian president’s accusations over Amazon fires | Windsor Star	 Skip to navigation Skip to content News All News Local News National Election 2019 World Traffic Business All Business Local Business Energy Technology All Technology Gaming Internet Personal Tech Science Space Tech-Biz FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Hockey All Hockey NHL Detroit Red Wings Toronto Maple Leafs Football All Football NFL Detroit Lions CFL Baseball All Baseball Detroit Tigers Basketball All Basketball NBA NCAA Windsor Express Golf Golf Videos Soccer All Soccer International Soccer MLS Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies All Movies Movie Listings Television All Television TV Listings Music All Music NP Music Books Celebrity Life Milestones All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes All Homes Condos Decorating Gardening Renovating Vacation Homes Food All Food Local Food Reviews Recipes From the Vault Health All Health Diet & Fitness Family & Child Men Women Seniors Sexual Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Travel Obits Classifieds All Classifieds Flyercity Celebrating Browse Listings Place a Classifieds Ad Local Directory Careers Driving All Driving News Reviews Car Comparison Buyer’s Guide Subscription Arts Celebrity |Featured: Windsor International Film Festival Dalson Chen Concerts & Events Live & Local Latest Movie News | More Open Search Close Search Search Videos Sign In Sign Out Subscribe Leonardo DiCaprio fires back at Brazilian president's accusations over Amazon fires WENN - World Entertainment News Network Updated: December 1, 2019 Share Adjust Comment Print Leonardo DiCaprio has hit back after Brazilian President Jair Bolsonaro slammed him for donating to officials at non-profit organisations accused of igniting the Amazon rainforest fires. Local police recently raided the headquarters of two charities in the state of Para, where a number of volunteer firefighters were briefly taken into custody as part of an investigation into the origins of the ongoing blazes, which have raged since the summer. While the firefighters denied allegations suggesting they purposefully set the fires as part of a scheme to boost funding, the controversial leader insisted celebrity conservationist DiCaprio, who pledged $5 million through his Earth Alliance foundation to help fight the wildfires, is partly responsible for the environmental disaster. “DiCaprio is a cool guy, isn’t he? Giving money to set the Amazon on fire,” he reportedly told supporters on Friday. He also claimed officials at the World Wildlife Fund (WWF) paid for images taken by volunteer firefighters to solicit donations. Related Brazil's president accuses Leonardo DiCaprio of paying to burn Amazon Pete Davidson used to masturbate to Leonardo DiCaprio Model Bar Refaeli, Leonardo DiCaprio's ex, to be indicted for tax fraud Firing back at the accusations in a lengthy post on Instagram, the Titanic actor pledged his support to the people of Brazil, and insisted he had no affiliations with the organizations in question. “At this time of crisis for the Amazon, I support the people of Brazil working to save their natural and cultural heritage. They are an amazing, moving and humbling example of the commitment and passion needed to save the environment,” he wrote. “The future of these irreplaceable ecosystems is at stake and I am proud to stand with the groups protecting them.” He added: “While worthy of support, we did not fund the organizations targeted. I remain committed to supporting the Brazilian indigenous communities, local governments, scientists, educators and general public who are working tirelessly to secure the Amazon for the future of all Brazilians.” Meanwhile, the WWF released a statement denying receiving a donation from DiCaprio and obtaining photographs from the firefighters. Lil Nas X pulls out of Billy Ray Cyrus show at... This Week's Flyers Comments Postmedia is pleased to bring you a new commenting experience. We are committed to maintaining a lively but civil forum for discussion and encourage all readers to share their views on our articles. Comments may take up to an hour for moderation before appearing on the site. We ask you to keep your comments relevant and respectful. Visit our Community Guidelines for more information. Sign in to Comment Connect With Us Most Popular Now Windsor woman dies in Chatham-Kent crash | Windsor Star Pussycat Dolls’ raunchy ‘nearly naked’ reunion sparks 400 complaints | Windsor Star Nurses group launches petition to get Windsor police to carry naloxone | Windsor Star Guest column: Anesthesiologist shortage could be solved with nurse anesthetists | Windsor Star Local home sale prices expected to make another big hike in 2020 | Windsor Star Kid Rock opens up about foul-mouthed Oprah Winfrey rant | Windsor Star Windsor makes appearance (kind of) in The Irishman | Windsor Star Share this story Leonardo DiCaprio fires back at Brazilian president's accusations over Amazon fires Facebook Twitter Reddit Email Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn News All News Local News National World Traffic Business All Business Local Business Energy Technology FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Hockey Football Baseball Basketball Golf Soccer Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies Television Music Books Celebrity Life Milestones All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes Food From the Vault Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Travel 365 Bloor St East, Toronto, ON, M4W3L4, www.postmedia.com © 2019 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Classifieds Obits Careers Browse Classifieds Place a Classified Ad Celebrating Driving FlyerCity Local Directory Legal Privacy – Updated Terms Copyright & Permissions Digital Ad Registry Services Advertise With Us Subscribe My Subscription Edit Profile Contact ePaper Digital Access Contests Partnerships Properties Calgary Herald Canada.com Edmonton Journal London Free Press Montreal Gazette National Post Ottawa Citizen Leader-Post (Regina) The StarPhoenix (Saskatoon) The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun