Lexus chops top off LC, still looks gorgeous | Driving Home News & Opinion Latest News Auto Shows Motor Mouth Lorraine Complains More Columns Reviews First Drives Road Tests Comparisons All Reviews Research Buyer's Guide Car Comparison New Car Deals Video Features All Features Safety and Maintenance Supercars Luxury Cars Classic Cars Electric Cars Motorcycles Lifestyle Gear Guide Get Exclusive Pricing Search More Calgary Edmonton Vancouver Detroit CES Los Angeles Toronto More Shows New York Paris Frankfurt Geneva Montreal Ottawa Tokyo Beijing Other Cities Search Driving Popular Now Lorraine Explains: Mad enough to leave your insurance company? Wait! 1 4,000-hp Thor24 custom truck hammers for US$12 million in Saudi Arabia 2 These 5 cars’ iconic names were tarnished by their makers 3 This guy built a working ‘Star Wars’ land speeder in his garage 4 Colour commentary: why is bright paint on cars so expensive? 5 News Lexus chops top off LC, still looks gorgeous First Look: 2020 Mini John Cooper Works GP First Look: 2020 Lincoln Corsair Grand Touring HOME / Lexus / Auto News / News / Lexus chops top off LC, still looks gorgeous Pretty amazing to think a car this sexy comes from the brand ruling the reliability charts by David Booth   | November 20, 2019 SHARE STORY I’m already on record as saying that Lexus’s LC 500 is the sexiest sports coupe of the last five years. Yes, even with that grille. Looking like a refugee from a Maserati design studio rather than anything Japanese, the fact that said flowing lines and wonderful proportions come from the usually awkward Lexus just makes the LC that much more stunning. It turns out it wasn’t a fluke, the ragtop version of the big LC possibly even more alluring. More impressive perhaps — for this is a rarity amongst drop tops — is that the new LC Convertible looks equally enticing with toite in situ or retracted. The thing is so bloody sexy that one forgives the grille, which looks even more needlessly aggressive in a decapotable. Nonetheless, we’re going to have to get used to the fact that Lexus can pen tempting shapes. RELATED toyota-century-open-top-convertible-01.jpg?w=400&h=260′);”> The emperor of Japan is getting a convertible Toyota Century First Drive: 2019 BMW M850i xDrive Cabriolet We already know they can build great cars, the company once again reigning in the reliability surveys, earning top honours in J.D. Power’s Vehicle Dependability Study and recapturing its spot as Consumer Reports’ most reliable brand this year. What’s more interesting is how committed they are to traditional sports car technology. Parent company Toyota, for instance, is leading the charge in keeping manual transmissions in their product mix. Lexus, meanwhile, steadfastly refuses to turbocharge its performance motors, the LC powered by a good old-fashioned naturally-aspirated 5.0-litre V8. Now the sacrifice here is that the LC’s 471 peak horsepower can’t compete with the 590 horses that Audi now ekes out of its twin-turbocharged V8. On the other hand, goose the big Lexus and the sound from its twin tailpipes is something no turbocharged engine can hope to emulate. With even Ferrari succumbing to turbo-friendly legislative pressures, it’s nice to see at least one manufacturer fighting the good fight. Bravo, Lexus. In converting from hard  to soft top, Lexus did the usual frame bracing, with under-chassis structural enhancements and suspension tower bracing (this last in die-cast aluminum, says Lexus, to save weight). The company also reduced the Convertible’s unsprung mass — basically the tires and wheels — and rejigged dampers to retain what Lexus claims is “similar handling dynamics to the LC coupe.” 2021 Lexus LC 500 Convertible 2021 Lexus LC 500 Convertible 2021 Lexus LC 500 Convertible 2021 Lexus LC 500 Convertible 2021 Lexus LC 500 Convertible 2021 Lexus LC 500 Convertible 2021 Lexus LC 500 Convertible 2021 Lexus LC 500 Convertible 2021 Lexus LC 500 Convertible 2021 Lexus LC 500 Convertible 2021 Lexus LC 500 Convertible 2021 Lexus LC 500 Convertible Part of that handling equation is sticking to a soft top rather than going with a heavier retractable hardtop. Nonetheless, to create hardtop-like flowing lines without visible frame supports, Lexus choses a semi-rigid four-layer material for its roof. One novelty for the topless version of the LC is the Lexus Climate Concierge, which adjusts HVAC system to provide upper body heat even when the top is down. The system automatically manages the air conditioner, seat heaters, neck heaters and even steering-wheel heater keep driver and passenger as cozy on a fall top-down ride as they would be in the middle of summer. Other interior upgrades are a full suite of Android Auto, Apple CarPlay and Lexus+Alexa infotainment apps. Lexus says Alexa even syncs to the navigation system to provide on-the-go recommendations. And finally, Lexus plans to auction off one of its limited edition “Inspiration” LC 500s — “Structural” Blue paint, semi-aniline leather and custom 21-inch wheels — at the Barrett-Jackson auction in January, all proceeds, of course, going to charity. RELATED TAGS Lexus LC Coupe Luxury Los Angeles Luxury Cars L.A. Auto Show News COMMENTS SHARE YOUR THOUGHTS We encourage all readers to share their views on our articles using Facebook commenting Visit our FAQ page for more information. Local Pricing & Incentives Year 2019 2018 2017 Choose A Make Choose A Model Choose A Trim Please select a vehicle MSRP $--- See what your neighbours are paying Most Popular Comparisons Midsize sedans to heat things up Go big and go home with new pickups Hybrids making it easier to go green Compact cars without compromise Top picks for a blend of sport and utility Battle of bulk between these muscle cars Faceoff between best-selling sports utes Popular Now Lorraine Explains: Mad enough to leave your insurance company? Wait! 1 4,000-hp Thor24 custom truck hammers for US$12 million in Saudi Arabia 2 These 5 cars’ iconic names were tarnished by their makers 3 This guy built a working ‘Star Wars’ land speeder in his garage 4 Colour commentary: why is bright paint on cars so expensive? 5 You may also like Feature Story   The top 7 cars we saw in Los Angeles that you'll want in your driveway News   Lexus unveils its first all-electric vehicle — but Canada won't get it Feature Story   Canada's 10 top-selling Canadian-made vehicles in 2019's first three-quarters First Drives   First Drive: 2020 Lexus RX News   The most – and least – reliable brands for 2019, ranked by Consumer Reports Road Test   5 things we learned driving the 2019 Lexus UX200 Share This Story All Car Brands Acura Alfa Romeo Aston Martin Audi Bentley BMW Bugatti Buick Cadillac Chevrolet Chrysler Daewoo Dodge Eagle Ferrari FIAT Fisker Ford Genesis GMC Honda HUMMER Hyundai Infiniti Isuzu Jaguar Jeep Kia Lamborghini Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Lotus Maserati Maybach Mazda McLaren Mercedes-Benz Mercury MINI Mitsubishi Nissan Oldsmobile Peugeot Plymouth Pontiac Porsche Ram Renault Rolls-Royce Saab Saturn Scion Smart Spyker Subaru Suzuki Tesla Toyota Volkswagen Volvo A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Subscribe to the Driving newsletter Thank you for subscribing! Please input a valid e-mail address Sign me up! Follow Driving is a part of Postmedia Network Inc. About Driving Contact Us FAQ Advertiser Inquiries Sitemap 365 Bloor St East, Toronto, ON, M4W3L4, www.postmedia.com © 2019 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distrbution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Privacy Terms Copyright & Permissions