Liberals and Conservatives take NDP seats in Windsor and Essex County | Windsor Star	 Skip to navigation Skip to content News All News Local News National Election 2019 World Traffic Business All Business Local Business Energy Technology All Technology Gaming Internet Personal Tech Science Space Tech-Biz FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Hockey All Hockey NHL Detroit Red Wings Toronto Maple Leafs Football All Football NFL Detroit Lions CFL Baseball All Baseball Detroit Tigers Basketball All Basketball NBA NCAA Windsor Express Golf Golf Videos Soccer All Soccer International Soccer MLS Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies All Movies Movie Listings Television All Television TV Listings Music All Music NP Music Books Celebrity Life Milestones All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes All Homes Condos Decorating Gardening Renovating Vacation Homes Food All Food Local Food Reviews Recipes From the Vault Health All Health Diet & Fitness Family & Child Men Women Seniors Sexual Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Travel Obits Classifieds All Classifieds Flyercity Celebrating Browse Listings Place a Classifieds Ad Local Directory Careers Driving All Driving News Reviews Car Comparison Buyer’s Guide Subscription News National Election 2019 |Featured: Windsor International Film Festival Obesity Life After Death Spitfires Dying for a Drink Exit Wounds Election 2019 100 years of Point Pelee Opioid Crisis Windsor Tech Cannabis Help Wanted Anne Jarvis Windsor-Detroit bridge Woofa-Roo 2019 Reader Letters | More Open Search Close Search Search Videos Sign In Sign Out Subscribe Liberals and Conservatives steal seats from NDP in Windsor and Essex County Trevor Wilhelm Updated: October 22, 2019 Irek Kusmierczyk celebrates his victory in Windsor-Tecumseh as he arrives at John Max Sports and Wings in south Windsor, ON. on Monday, October 21, 2019. Dan Janisse / Windsor Star Share Adjust Comment Print The Liberals struck a major local victory Monday night with star candidate Irek Kusmierczyk winning a neck-and-neck scrap in Windsor-Tecumseh, a riding that had been an NDP domain for the last 19 years. The NDP’s Brian Masse kept control of Windsor West after a closely watched battle with high-profile Liberal candidate Sandra Pupatello, but his party suffered another big local loss in Essex. Conservative Chris Lewis dashed rookie MP Tracey Ramsey’s hopes of representing the riding for a second term. “It’s been an amazing journey, a journey that has brought us to over 42,000 doors,” said Lewis. “I didn’t know what tonight was going to bring, I really didn’t. I had two speeches prepared and I’m really glad I didn’t bring in the second one. Essex is once again blue.” The fights in Windsor West and Windsor-Tecumseh were both nail biters, with the Liberal and NDP frontrunners continually trading first and second places throughout the night until the final votes were counted. “I am honoured to have been elected as the Member of Parliament for Windsor-Tecumseh — the first Liberal MP in this riding in nearly 20 years,” Kusmierczyk said in a statement. “This campaign was a sprint that started when I was nominated, just four weeks ago today. I am humbled by the time, energy and support of so many people in our community and on my campaign team that made tonight’s result possible. “The voters of Windsor-Tecumseh made a clear choice in this election. They chose to support a candidate who offered them a strong voice in Ottawa and a seat at the table. They chose a progressive platform that will continue to improve the quality of life in our communities.” The Liberals lured the high-profile Pupatello into Windsor West in August hoping to loosen the unbreakable grip Masse has had on the riding for 17 years. It was a tight race and anyone’s guess right down to the wire. Pupatello was a political star herself. She is a former provincial cabinet minister and was the Windsor West MPP for 16 years, and almost became premier before losing the party leadership to Kathleen Wynne in 2013. And before Masse’s reign, Windsor West was a Liberal stronghold for 73 out of 77 years. It belonged to Herb Gray from 1968-2002, when he left politics. His Liberal representation in that area stretched back even further to 1962, when the riding was called Essex West. Conservative Henry Lau and Darryl Burrell of the People’s Party of Canada were the other contestants vying for the prize in Windsor West. NDP supporters watch as the results come in for the ridings of Windsor West and Windsor-Tecumseh while at the Serbian Centre, Monday, Oct. 21, 2019. Dax Melmer / Windsor Star Kusmierczyk, a popular Windsor city councillor, was the second high-profile Liberal candidate to lock horns with an established NDP member in a race that was too close to call until the last votes were counted. Windsor-Tecumseh had been NDP territory for the last 19 consecutive years, and 25 of the last 31 years. The other contestants in Windsor-Tecumseh were Giovanni Abati of the Green Party, Dan Burr of the PPC and Laura Chesnik of the Marxist-Leninist Party, and Conservative Leo Demarce who finished third. Demarce said he had the “time of my life” during the campaign. Conservative candidate Chris Lewis addresses his supporters after winning the Essex riding in the 2019 federal election. Taylor Campbell / Windsor Star “Today’s been fantastic I mean I’ve got an army here, I think over 50 people helping me get the vote out,” Demarce said. “We’re all over the riding, I’ve got people here in the office making calls. It’s been a fantastic experience and the support has been overwhelming. In Essex, another hotly contested riding, the Canadian Press called the election in favour of Lewis, a former Kingsville councillor. Essex was previously Conservative territory with MP Jeff Watson holding the seat for 11 years, until Ramsey ousted him in 2015. “Chris and his team started knocking on doors back in March,” said Rich Tapping, Lewis’ campaign manager. “He wanted to reach as many people as possible before the election to hear their concerns, their struggles, to form a relationship with them and to help get to know him more. Chris has learned that people are struggling to get ahead, are tired of wasteful spending and increasing taxes. Conservative Dave Epp was victorious in Chatham-Kent—Leamington, which was created in 2012 out of two former ridings. Related Masse hangs on in Windsor West after hard-fought battle with Pupatello Sandra Pupatello to run against Brian Masse in federal election Sandra Pupatello to run against Brian Masse in federal election He follows in the footsteps of former MP Dave Van Kesteren, a fellow Conservative, who retired after holding the riding for 13 years. The other Chatham-Kent—Leamington candidates included Liberal Katie Omstead, the NDP’s Tony Walsh, and Mark Vercouteren of the Green Party, who all took their second run at winning the riding. twilhelm@postmedia.com twitter.com/WinStarWilhelm Kusmierczyk wins Windsor-Tecumseh for Liberals in close contest Jarvis: Windsor and Essex County showed we should not be written... This Week's Flyers Comments Postmedia is pleased to bring you a new commenting experience. We are committed to maintaining a lively but civil forum for discussion and encourage all readers to share their views on our articles. Comments may take up to an hour for moderation before appearing on the site. We ask you to keep your comments relevant and respectful. Visit our Community Guidelines for more information. Sign in to Comment Connect With Us Latest Local News Local News Ontario auditor general to assess PC climate change plan Local News Vigil walk and red ribbons mark World AIDS Day in Windsor Local News Amherstburg Diageo workers ratify 3-year contract Local News Windsor's Santa Claus parade lights up downtown 10/3 Podcast 10/podcast: A 'war zone of feces' in Toronto 10/3 podcast: How El Chapo's Canadian drug smuggling connections were uncovered 10/3 podcast: Beyond Jordan Peterson — the state of free speech on campuses 10/3 podcast: Why legal weed companies are taking major losses Close Daily Headline News Thank you for subscribing to Postmedia's Newsletter. Email By clicking "Submit", I consent to receiving the above communication from Postmedia Network Inc. I understand that I may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. Submit Weather Weather Currently Feels Like We want you to have the most accurate weather report you can. Please enter a valid postal code Traffic Election 2019 Election 2019 Was the federal election a case of the right product but the wrong packaging for ... Election 2019 'This isn’t just anger': Seven prominent voices assess the post-election mood out West Election 2019 Andrew Coyne: Sorry Albertchewan, cabinet ministers are supposed to be elected, not selected Election 2019 Chris Selley: Rethinking the shameless election, and how it was covered — damp squib and ... Share this story Liberals and Conservatives steal seats from NDP in Windsor and Essex County Facebook Twitter Reddit Email Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn News All News Local News National World Traffic Business All Business Local Business Energy Technology FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Hockey Football Baseball Basketball Golf Soccer Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies Television Music Books Celebrity Life Milestones All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes Food From the Vault Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Travel 365 Bloor St East, Toronto, ON, M4W3L4, www.postmedia.com © 2019 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Classifieds Obits Careers Browse Classifieds Place a Classified Ad Celebrating Driving FlyerCity Local Directory Legal Privacy – Updated Terms Copyright & Permissions Digital Ad Registry Services Advertise With Us Subscribe My Subscription Edit Profile Contact ePaper Digital Access Contests Partnerships Properties Calgary Herald Canada.com Edmonton Journal London Free Press Montreal Gazette National Post Ottawa Citizen Leader-Post (Regina) The StarPhoenix (Saskatoon) The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun