Lifestyle Tips, Advice & Opinion  | Windsor Star	 Skip to navigation Skip to content News All News Local News National Election 2019 World Traffic Business All Business Local Business Energy Technology All Technology Gaming Internet Personal Tech Science Space Tech-Biz FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Hockey All Hockey NHL Detroit Red Wings Toronto Maple Leafs Football All Football NFL Detroit Lions CFL Baseball All Baseball Detroit Tigers Basketball All Basketball NBA NCAA Windsor Express Golf Golf Videos Soccer All Soccer International Soccer MLS Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies All Movies Movie Listings Television All Television TV Listings Music All Music NP Music Books Celebrity Life Milestones All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes All Homes Condos Decorating Gardening Renovating Vacation Homes Food All Food Local Food Reviews Recipes From the Vault Health All Health Diet & Fitness Family & Child Men Women Seniors Sexual Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Travel Obits Classifieds All Classifieds Flyercity Celebrating Browse Listings Place a Classifieds Ad Local Directory Careers Driving All Driving News Reviews Car Comparison Buyer’s Guide Subscription Life Milestones Fashion & Beauty Homes Food From the Vault Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Travel |Featured: Milestones Fit Tips Windsor In Pictures Kelly Steele | More Open Search Close Search Search Videos Sign In Sign Out Subscribe Fact or Fiction: What 'The Crown' gets right in Season 3 LOS ANGELES (Variety.com) – The third season of “The Crown” premiered Nov. 17, jumping forward a few years into Queen Elizabeth II’s (now played by Olivia Colman) reign. Andrew's sex scandal damages Royal Family's standing: Farage Princess Diana's John Travolta dance dress up for auction Bella Hadid deletes Instagram post after Selena Gomez likes it Al Capone's former Miami Beach mansion can be your escape from Canadian winter Fashion & Beauty Dear Santa… all I want for Christmas are toys! Unicorns are everywhere. Plug your nose and look out for Farting Ninjas, Harry Plopper – yes poop again – and anything Frozen. Fashion & Beauty Makeover: A quick, easy and super chic wavy hairstyle for the holidays Fashion & Beauty Comfort and joy top the list this Christmas Fashion & Beauty Scott Eastwood talks style, speed and the most beloved items in his wardrobe Actor embarks on 1000 Miglia as guest of luxury brand Chopard. Fashion & Beauty Fab 5: Hello hydration Rebecca Tay presents five winter beauty essentials to reboot your cold-weather regimen and revive your skin as we head into the season home stretch. Homes Growing Concerns: Weed now or weed more in the spring Homes: Porch paradise Mike Holmes: Renting out takes a plan Windsor In Pictures Dax Melmer's 2018 pictures of the year Dan Janisse's 2018 pictures of the year Nick Brancaccio's 2018 pictures of the year Windsor Star pictures of the month: March Windsor Star pictures of the month: February Windsor Star pictures of the month: December This Week's Flyers Food Mushroom beer for Fantastic Fungi film screening in Windsor Essex County's tropical, forgotten fruit ready for revival Bret 'Hitman' Hart creates social media buzz for Windsor bake shop Relationships A millennial guide to emoji-flirting for baby boomers In an imbalanced relationship, women 'gatekeep' to avoid nagging their spouse about house work A lot of my old friendships started with sex, and my wife is not thrilled ... 'Costly signals' and 'the peacock's tail': What our Grindr profile pics tell us about ourselves Is sending a heart in a Facebook message being unfaithful? Or is it micro-cheating? How mentioning food in your profile affects your online dating success Travel Go to Tadoussac for the whale watching, but stay for the outstanding cuisine, craft beers ... How I made almost $700 on a flight delay from Venice to Toronto Part travelogue, part cookbook, Caroline Eden chronicles a 2,200-km journey in Black Sea Throughout its history, cottage culture has been about who we want to be seen as ... The Cayman Islands are wonderful for many reasons, but the diving is what really sets ... The lure of Cayman's coral reefs, sandy beaches and picturesque sunsets Parenting How the dad joke was born and why it'll never go out of style Mother's Day of Rage: Author explores why women end up doing most of the homemaking ... 'A punch in the gut': So many 'helicopter' parents were hovering in school cafeterias one ... Forget the money and perks: Being a nanny for the super-rich is not the dream ... Something wicked this way comes: How real life stepmothers are battling centuries of fiction to ... While some airlines and restaurants cater to kids, what's a parent to do when others ... Royals Food Cook this: Chilaquiles rojos — in rustic tomato sauce — from Oaxaca 'These are the kind of chilaquiles I grew up with,' says Bricia Lopez. 'They should always be a combination of crispy and tender, never soggy' Daily horoscope for Monday, December 2, 2019 Caution: After 7 AM EST today (4 AM PST), avoid shopping or making important decisions. The Moon is in Aquarius The best tech deals from Amazon for Cyber Monday Snag the latest tech toys for the best prices with Amazon’s Cyber Monday Deals. There are new deals popping up all week, so don’t forget to check Amazon. The best cookware deals on Amazon for Cyber Monday Check out our top 10 ways to save and be sure to check Amazon.ca for new Cyber Monday Deals all week long The best Amazon beauty deals for Cyber Monday Check out our top 10 ways to save and be sure to check Amazon.ca for new Cyber Monday Deals all week long Best Bets: Your guide to buying a KitchenAid KSMVSA Fresh Prep Slicer/Shredder Attachment It’s easy to use: Just click the attachment onto the front of your machine, insert the appropriate blade and set your mixer to speed four The best home entertainment deals on Amazon for Cyber Monday Check out our top 10 ways to save and be sure to check Amazon.ca for new Cyber Monday Deals all week long The best Amazon deals for Cyber Monday Searching for the best Cyber Monday deals can quickly turn into a game of endless scrolling and serial tabbing. Here, we round up the top deals on Amazon Best Bets: Your guide to buying an Echo Dot The Echo Dot is Amazon’s most popular voice-controlled smart speaker. It connects with Alexa to play song requests straight from the streaming platform of your choosing Best Bets: Your guide to buying a Nespresso Vertuo Coffee and Espresso Machine by Breville For those of us without pro barista training (or those who don’t feel like braving the masses to get their morning coffee fix), there’s the Nespresso Vertuo Coffee and Espresso Machine Page 1 of 3 Connect With Us Latest Food Stories Cancer patients are losing valuable time — and risking their lives — with alternative therapies, ... Bypassing the heart bypass (with video) SUN RUN: Fitness goals must push us, but not drain us Suit Yourself Sponsored by INDOCHINO The spring trifecta: Three ways to diversify your suit collection Groom finds perfectly fitting wedding suit at a great price Whether online or brick and mortar, Indochino CEO Drew Green sees customization and personality as ... 5 Simple Steps To Take Care of Your Suit TV Listings What's On Tonight for Find your full TV Listings here! Weather Weather Currently Feels Like We want you to have the most accurate weather report you can. Please enter a valid postal code Top Health News Local News UWindsor chef serves up healthy skin care Local News Allowing abused women to bring their pets to crisis shelters could save lives, UWindsor profs ... Local News Windsor-Essex first in Ontario with tool to reduce idled ambulances Local News Violence against long-term care workers, nurses at alarming levels across Ontario Diet & Fitness $6M for bike lanes, trails to build on 'tremendous growth' in cycling across Essex County News All News Local News National World Traffic Business All Business Local Business Energy Technology FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Hockey Football Baseball Basketball Golf Soccer Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies Television Music Books Celebrity Life Milestones All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes Food From the Vault Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Travel 365 Bloor St East, Toronto, ON, M4W3L4, www.postmedia.com © 2019 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Classifieds Obits Careers Browse Classifieds Place a Classified Ad Celebrating Driving FlyerCity Local Directory Legal Privacy – Updated Terms Copyright & Permissions Digital Ad Registry Services Advertise With Us Subscribe My Subscription Edit Profile Contact ePaper Digital Access Contests Partnerships Properties Calgary Herald Canada.com Edmonton Journal London Free Press Montreal Gazette National Post Ottawa Citizen Leader-Post (Regina) The StarPhoenix (Saskatoon) The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun Post to Cancel