Local home sale prices expected to make another big hike in 2020 | Windsor Star	 Skip to navigation Skip to content News All News Local News National Election 2019 World Traffic Business All Business Local Business Energy Technology All Technology Gaming Internet Personal Tech Science Space Tech-Biz FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Hockey All Hockey NHL Detroit Red Wings Toronto Maple Leafs Football All Football NFL Detroit Lions CFL Baseball All Baseball Detroit Tigers Basketball All Basketball NBA NCAA Windsor Express Golf Golf Videos Soccer All Soccer International Soccer MLS Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies All Movies Movie Listings Television All Television TV Listings Music All Music NP Music Books Celebrity Life Milestones All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes All Homes Condos Decorating Gardening Renovating Vacation Homes Food All Food Local Food Reviews Recipes From the Vault Health All Health Diet & Fitness Family & Child Men Women Seniors Sexual Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Travel Obits Classifieds All Classifieds Flyercity Celebrating Browse Listings Place a Classifieds Ad Local Directory Careers Driving All Driving News Reviews Car Comparison Buyer’s Guide Subscription News Local News |Featured: Windsor International Film Festival Obesity Life After Death Spitfires Dying for a Drink Exit Wounds Election 2019 100 years of Point Pelee Opioid Crisis Windsor Tech Cannabis Help Wanted Anne Jarvis Windsor-Detroit bridge Woofa-Roo 2019 Reader Letters | More Open Search Close Search Search Videos Sign In Sign Out Subscribe Local home sale prices expected to make another big hike in 2020 Dave Battagello, Windsor Star Updated: November 30, 2019 Expect housing price hikes and new residential construction to continue climbing upwards in 2020, a new RE/MAX market outlook predicts. Shown here on Nov. 28, 2019, are new townhomes for sale on Cypress Street in East Riverside. Behind, large storm sewers are being installed near McHugh Street. Nick Brancaccio / Windsor Star Share Adjust Comment Print Windsor’s booming real estate market is expected to cool slightly in 2020, but the average residential sale price is still predicted to increase by nine per cent, according to the annual RE/MAX housing market outlook released this week. “This past year there was an 11-per-cent increase, but there is still too much good news around here,” said Glen Muir, broker/owner for RE/MAX Preferred Realty Ltd. in Windsor. “There might be a bit of a slowdown (in sales and prices), but you still have a lack of product out there. Depending on our snowfall (this winter), that might temper prices, as well.” The average home sales price for the Windsor area has reached $335,548 as of the end of October, according to the report. By the end of next year it is estimated the average residential sales price will reach $365,747. “Housing affordability in the region is a concern to some home buyers as the average home price continues to rise thanks to multiple offer scenarios,” RE/MAX said. Both investors and buyers relocating from the Greater Toronto Area continue to be “a prevalent force” driving strong sales of homes in Windsor since the average price continues to be among the lowest in the nation despite nearly doubling over the last half-dozen years. Muir noted that buyers are continuing to cash out in the GTA, where they receive $1 million or more for their home and then purchase a similar or even better home in the Windsor area for $500,000 or less and bank the rest. “The region was and continues to be an attractive option for retirees and young professionals seeking affordability relative to the high prices in the GTA,” the RE/MAX report said. “Sold” reads the RE/MAX sign on the front lawn of this new multi-unit complex on Wyandotte Street East in Riverside, shown Thursday. Nick Brancaccio / Windsor Star The local economy continues to remain fairly strong and should be bolstered further by escalating construction activity over the next few years as the Gordie Howe International Bridge is expected to create thousands of direct construction and spinoff jobs. The steady income is allowing some local residents to secure a larger home. “Move-up buyers will continue to drive demand in the region in 2020,” the report said. RE/MAX believes LaSalle will be “one of the hottest communities to watch next year,” because of its close proximity to the bridge project and, eventually, closer access to the new border crossing once it is completed in late 2024. Muir noted how the local market for homes priced anywhere between $200,000 to $400,000 “remains very hot,” but beyond that range sales have started to cool slightly. “At the upper end of the price spectrum, Windsor’s luxury housing market has experienced immense growth over the last couple of years, however the number of luxury properties sold is expected to decrease through 2020,” the report added. Muir believes area homes in the $500,000 to $700,000 price range has softened because sellers may be asking too much for a resale home and “need to be more realistic,” plus new home construction in the same price range continues to be “very active.” “Some of the (resale) homes might be a little tired and need some work,” he said. “People looking to spend $500,000 or $600,000 decide they can buy a new home instead. New homes in that range are very active.” Aside from LaSalle, Muir said Lakeshore is expected to see strong growth in new home construction to satisfy that type of buyer demand. New townhouse construction — attractive to retirees and first-time buyers — also continues to be a preferred option across many price ranges. “Developers continue to build them because they believe the demand is there,” Muir said. “If you look at our population, it is aging. They are cheaper to maintain than condos, so we started seeing that shift (to townhouses) a number of years ago.” Down Highway 401, the average residential sale price for London in 2020 is predicted to see an increase of five per cent, but that comes on the heels of this year’s 10.7-per-cent jump in home sales prices to the end of October. The average sales price in London is estimated by RE/MAX to reach $428,838 next year. The city continues to benefit from much of the same flow of GTA migration as Windsor. “Southern Ontario is witnessing some incredibly strong price appreciation, with many regions seeing double-digit gains,” says Christopher Alexander, executive vice president and regional director of RE/MAX Ontario-Atlantic Canada. “Thanks to the region’s resilient economy, staggering population growth and relentless development, the 2020 market looks very optimistic.” dbattagello@postmedia.com Climate change fight offers opportunities for municipalities, symposium hears Ontario nurses group launches petition to get Windsor police to carry... This Week's Flyers Comments Postmedia is pleased to bring you a new commenting experience. We are committed to maintaining a lively but civil forum for discussion and encourage all readers to share their views on our articles. Comments may take up to an hour for moderation before appearing on the site. We ask you to keep your comments relevant and respectful. Visit our Community Guidelines for more information. Sign in to Comment Connect With Us Weather Weather Currently Feels Like We want you to have the most accurate weather report you can. Please enter a valid postal code Latest National News World 'Sweating all over me': BBC to air interview with Virginia Giuffre, who says she was ... World Fishmongers Hall exec details how employee, patrons confronted knife-wielding London terrorist World Ex-FBI lawyer Lisa Page says Trump's 'demeaning fake orgasm' was the last straw Close Daily Headline News Thank you for subscribing to Postmedia's Newsletter. Email By clicking "Submit", I consent to receiving the above communication from Postmedia Network Inc. I understand that I may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. Submit Most Read Windsor woman dies in Chatham-Kent crash | Windsor Star Alanis Morissette reveals ‘Jagged Little Pill’ 25th anniversary dates | Windsor Star Pussycat Dolls’ raunchy ‘nearly naked’ reunion sparks 400 complaints | Windsor Star Kid Rock opens up about foul-mouthed Oprah Winfrey rant | Windsor Star Share this story Local home sale prices expected to make another big hike in 2020 Facebook Twitter Reddit Email Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn News All News Local News National World Traffic Business All Business Local Business Energy Technology FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Hockey Football Baseball Basketball Golf Soccer Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies Television Music Books Celebrity Life Milestones All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes Food From the Vault Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Travel 365 Bloor St East, Toronto, ON, M4W3L4, www.postmedia.com © 2019 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Classifieds Obits Careers Browse Classifieds Place a Classified Ad Celebrating Driving FlyerCity Local Directory Legal Privacy – Updated Terms Copyright & Permissions Digital Ad Registry Services Advertise With Us Subscribe My Subscription Edit Profile Contact ePaper Digital Access Contests Partnerships Properties Calgary Herald Canada.com Edmonton Journal London Free Press Montreal Gazette National Post Ottawa Citizen Leader-Post (Regina) The StarPhoenix (Saskatoon) The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun