macOS Catalina - Apple Global Nav Open Menu Global Nav Close Menu Apple Shopping Bag + Search apple.com Cancel Apple Mac iPad iPhone Watch TV Music Support Shopping Bag + Cancel macOS Local Nav Open Menu Local Nav Close Menu Overview All New Features How to Upgrade Upgrade now macOS Catalina macOS Catalina The power of Mac. Taken further. macOS Catalina gives you more of everything you love about Mac. Experience music, TV, and podcasts in three all-new Mac apps. Enjoy your favorite iPad apps now on your Mac. Extend your workspace and expand your creativity with iPad and Apple Pencil. And discover smart new features in the apps you use every day. Now you can take everything you do above and beyond. Music, TV, and podcasts take center stage. iTunes forever changed the way people experienced music, movies, TV shows, and podcasts. It all changes again with three all-new, dedicated apps — Apple Music, Apple TV, and Apple Podcasts — each designed from the ground up to be the best way to enjoy entertainment on your Mac. And rest assured; everything you had in your iTunes library is still accessible in each app. iCloud seamlessly syncs everything across your devices — or you can back up, restore, and sync by connecting the device directly to your Mac. Presenting Apple Music on Mac. The new Apple Music app is the ultimate music streaming experience on Mac.1 Explore a library of 60 million songs, discover new artists and tracks, find the perfect playlist, download and listen offline, or enjoy all the music you’ve collected over the years. And find it all in your music library on all your devices. Watch Dickinson on the Apple TV app Apple TV. Premiering on Mac. The Apple TV app for Mac is the new home for all your favorite movies, shows, premium channels, and Apple TV+. Watch everything directly in the app or enjoy it offline, and discover the best of what’s on in the Watch Now tab. You can even pick up where you left off on any screen, across all your devices. And for the first time, 4K2 and Dolby Atmos3–supported movies are available on Mac. Listen up. Podcasts on Mac. More than 700,000 of the best entertainment, comedy, news, and sports shows are now available on your Mac with Apple Podcasts. Search for podcasts by title, topic, guest, host, content, and more. Subscribe and be notified as soon as new episodes become available. And in the Listen Now tab, you can easily pick up where you left off across all your devices. The apps you love. Right on your Mac. Experience your favorite iPad apps now on your Mac. With Mac Catalyst, developers can easily create Mac apps from the iPad apps you already know and love. They run natively alongside your existing Mac apps so you can drag and drop content between them. They take full advantage of the larger screen and powerful architecture of your Mac. And because they are built from their iOS versions, they provide a seamless experience across your devices. Enjoy a broad range of Mac apps — from travel, entertainment, and gaming to banking, education, and project management. Twitter Morpholio Post-it® Jira American Airlines TripIt Crew Rosetta Stone Proloquo2Go The Twitter for Mac app takes full advantage of the native Mac features like multiple windows, drag and drop, keyboard shortcuts, and more. See more of what’s happening on a larger screen and easily work alongside your other Mac apps. Explore more Mac Catalyst apps Morpholio Board for Mac lets interior designers create their mood boards on a larger screen with much more detail. Users can scroll through a huge library of furnishings; use new editing, composition, curation, and organization tools; and work alongside web browsers, notes, and email. Explore more Mac Catalyst apps With the Post-it® App on Mac, users can easily organize all their notes on the big screen. Grouping and sorting is much faster using a keyboard and mouse or trackpad. And importing boards from other users is even easier. Explore more Mac Catalyst apps With Jira for Mac, manage projects like a boss. Take advantage of native Mac features and move through Jira faster than ever, push notifications, keyboard shortcuts, drag and drop, custom menu bar, and more. Explore more Mac Catalyst apps The American Airlines app for Mac lets users check in and choose their seats, see three-dimensional renderings of their seats powered by SceneKit, and even view traffic to the airport provided by Maps. Explore more Mac Catalyst apps With TripIt on Mac, you can review all your plans in one place, edit and share your trip details, and research your destination, all while multitasking with other Mac apps. Your itinerary is even available offline, whether you’re at your desk or at 35,000 feet. Explore more Mac Catalyst apps The Crew app for Mac is the first communications app designed for workers who don’t have easy access to communication technology on the job. Managers often use Mac computers in the back of house at stores, so users can access the experience they expect on the platform they prefer. Explore more Mac Catalyst apps This popular language-learning solution opens a whole new world on Mac. The desktop is wonderfully suited for focus and learning. Rosetta Stone is tightly integrated with the Mac microphone and includes an offline mode for a seamless app experience that’s just not possible on the web. Explore more Mac Catalyst apps Proloquo2Go on Mac is designed for people with communication challenges who are unable to make themselves understood using their own voices. The app lets parents, teachers, and therapists customize the app vocabulary using the keyboard and provide new words without requiring access to their child’s device, which may be at school or at home. Explore more Mac Catalyst apps Even more amazing Mac apps.Even more amazing Mac apps Developers are continuing to build for Catalyst as many more of your favorite iPad apps will be coming to Mac. app-1 app-2 app-3 app-4 app-5 app-6 app-7 app-8 app-9 app-10 The apps you use every day, made extraordinary. With macOS Catalina, the apps you love are now more beautiful and intelligent than ever. So your everyday tasks are easier than ever. Photos Focus on your best shots. Photos has a new immersive, dynamic look that showcases your photos and memories. See only the best shots in your library, without the duplicates and clutter. Browse your favorite photos by days, months, and years and get larger previews of all your photos. And Photos is even smarter, so it can highlight important moments like birthdays, anniversaries, and trips. Notes Easier to find. And easier to share. A new gallery view and more powerful search help you find your notes quicker than ever. Shared folders let you collaborate on entire folders of notes with another person or a group. And new checklist options let you move completed items to the bottom, quickly reorder items using drag and drop, and more. Reminders Organization. Reorganized. The Reminders app has been completely rebuilt, with an all-new design and new ways to easily create, organize, and keep track of reminders. Add attachments to reminders, create or change reminders with the quick edit buttons, and let Siri suggest new ones found in Messages. Smart lists automatically organize and display your upcoming reminders. And if you tag someone in a reminder, you’ll be notified the next time you’re chatting in Messages. Safari Start browsing. Faster. An updated start page helps you easily and quickly access your favorites and frequently visited sites. And Siri suggestions surface bookmarks, iCloud Tabs, and links from your reading list, as well as those you receive in Messages. Apple Arcade Play extraordinary. Unlimited access to over 100 new games for your Mac — all in a game subscription service unlike any other. Start playing on your Mac and jump to your iPhone, iPad, and Apple TV. Learn more Try it free 4 Extend your desktop. With iPad. Sidecar lets you extend your workspace by using your iPad as a second Mac display.5 Work in one app while you reference another or view your artwork on your Mac while you use tools and palettes on your iPad. You can also mirror the screens so they both display the same content, making it perfect for sharing exactly what you see with others. View the Sidecar White Paper (PDF) Express your creativity. With Apple Pencil. Bring the ease and precision of Apple Pencil to your favorite creative Mac apps with Sidecar.6 Just drag your app window from your Mac to your iPad as you would with any second display. Then use Apple Pencil to design in Illustrator, edit photos in Affinity Photo, or create 3D models in ZBrush. The handy sidebar puts essential Command, Control, and Shift keys right at your fingertips. Make your mark on Mac. Use Apple Pencil for everyday tasks like drawing and sketching or marking up screenshots and PDFs. You can easily insert a sketch from your iPad into any document on your Mac. Powerful apps. Made even more powerful. Discover all the amazing apps that are compatible with Sidecar, including illustration, photography, and 3D apps. See more apps for Sidecar Adobe Illustrator Affinity Photo Cinema 4D Maya ZBrush Screen Time. Now on Mac. macOS Catalina brings all your favorite Screen Time features to Mac, giving you greater insight into how you’re spending your time. Monitor usage, schedule downtime, and set limits for both apps and websites across all your devices. And with Family Sharing, you can set app and communication limits for your kids to help them focus on the right things. Communication Limits Communication Limits let you choose who your children can communicate with throughout the day and during downtime, so you can make sure they’re always reachable. Coming this spring Combined Limits With Combined Limits, you can combine individual apps and websites, and even whole categories, into a single, easy-to-manage limit. Set a limit for a group of apps and websites, like gaming or your favorite streaming apps. One More Minute Need an extra minute to wrap up what you’re doing? You’ll get a notification when you’ve reached your time limit, so you can quickly wrap up a conversation, save a file, or close a game session before your time runs out. Increased security. Greater privacy. With macOS Catalina, there are enhanced security features to better protect macOS against tampering, help ensure that the apps you use are safe, and give you greater control over access to your data. And it’s even easier to find your Mac if it’s lost or stolen. More secure hardware. The Apple T2 Security Chip keeps your Mac secure by ensuring that you’re running trusted software and automatically encrypting your stored data. It also provides secure authentication for Touch ID and secure payments for Apple Pay. And now macOS Catalina features Activation Lock, so only you can erase and reactivate your Mac. Safer-running software. macOS Catalina runs in its own read-only volume, so it’s separate from all other data on your Mac, and nothing can accidentally overwrite your system files. And Gatekeeper ensures that new apps you install have been checked for known security issues before you run them, so you’re always using good software. Data protections. Apps must now get your permission before directly accessing files in your Documents and Desktop folders, iCloud Drive, and external volumes, so you’re always in control of your data. And you’ll be prompted before any app can capture keyboard activity or a photo or video of your screen. Find My The new Find My app combines Find My iPhone and Find My Friends into a single, easy-to-use app on Mac, iPad, and iPhone. Find My can help you locate a missing Mac — even if it’s offline and sleeping — by sending out Bluetooth signals that can be detected by Apple devices in use nearby. They can then relay the detected location of your Mac to iCloud so you can locate it in the Find My app. It’s all anonymous and encrypted end-to-end so no one, including Apple, knows the identity of any reporting device. And because the reporting happens silently using tiny bits of data that piggyback on existing network traffic, there’s no need to worry about your battery life, your data usage, or your privacy. Approve with Apple Watch Double-click the side button on your Apple Watch to authenticate on your Mac. Unlock a locked note, approve app installations, and view your passwords in Safari preferences without having to enter one. All access to all devices. macOS Catalina includes new features to help everyone get the most out of Mac. Voice Control lets users who can’t use traditional input devices control Mac, iPad, and iPhone entirely with their voice. New tools for users with low vision allow you to zoom in on a paragraph of text or the entire screen. Experience Voice Control Get the transcript for the featured Accessibility film Experience Voice Control film transcript (Ian uses Dictation with Voice Control) Wake up. [MUSIC PLAYS] The level readings on the gray and white microphone-shaped Dictation icon move up and down with Ian’s voice. (Ian dictating) Voice Control is a breakthrough feature that gives you full control of your devices comma, with just your voice, period. Text of Ian’s dictation appears in Notes. (Ian dictating) It’s a whole new way to do everything you love, period. Like this. Correct love. The word “love,” is highlighted blue. A list of numbered options appears below the word. The options include replacement words as well as heart icons. (Ian uses Voice Control) Sixteen. A red heart icon replaces the word “love,” in the text. Cut to the interior of Ian’s house. He sits in a motorized wheelchair in front of an iMac. (Ian uses Voice Control) Open photos. Photos opens from his dock. The “Days,” folder shows May 15-19, photos of Ian in his wheelchair riding along a roadside with friends on bikes. (Ian uses Voice Control) Scroll up. In “Days,” April 12-14, photos of a man on a mountain bike and a tree-covered mountain at the edge of a lake. (Ian uses Voice Control) Show numbers. Numbers appear on the folder buttons and on each photo. (Ian uses Voice Control) Thirteen. A photo opens. The man holds his mountain bike over his head in front of the lake. (Ian uses Voice Control) Click share. A dialog box opens: “Share 1 Photo To,” with a numbered list of options. (Ian uses Voice Control) Three. Messages opens, and the photo appears in a message. (Ian uses Voice Control) Tim. The name Tim appears in the “To:” field, then autofills to “tim_abad@icloud.com." (Ian uses Voice Control) Next field. Let's ride this one today. Thumbs up emoji. The text appears in the message, along with a thumbs up emoji. (Ian uses Voice Control) Click send. Open Maps. Maps opens. (Ian uses Voice Control) Show grid. The map of the Pacific Coast Scenic Byway is overlaid with a numbered grid. (Ian uses Voice Control) Long press at twenty. A pin drops with the tag, “Marked Location: Olympic National Park, Highway, 101, Port Angeles,…” and an Info icon. (Ian uses Voice Control) Open App Switcher. Ian glances down at his wheelchair-mounted iPhone. A notification pops-up: “Maps, from ‘Ian’s iMac.’” A number four appears in the top left of the notification. (Ian uses Voice Control) Four. The Marked Location opens in Maps on Ian’s iPhone. (Ian uses Voice Control) Tap share. Ian’s contact, Tim is highlighted, with a Messages logo in the bottom of his photo. (Ian uses Voice Control) Tap Tim. The Marked Location appears in the Message with Tim, who has responded to the initial Message: “I’m down. Let’s go!” (Ian uses Voice Control) Tap send. The send button, numbered 11, is selected. [music plays] Jump in by Atomic Drum Assembly Cut to a wide shot of Ian as he rides his motorized wheelchair across a pedestrian bridge over a river. Now, the camera follows him from behind as he rides toward an evergreen forest. Cut to Ian as he uses a sip and puff controller to ride along a forest trail. Tim rides up next to him. The two men smile. (Ian talks to Tim) Hey, good to see you. Cut to Tim and Ian as the reach the shore of a lake ringed by green hills. They look out at the water. (Ian uses Voice Control) Open music. Turn up the volume. (Ian speaks) Alright! We zoom in on the hills and the white clouds that fill the sky. A white Apple logo appears in front of the clouds. Voice Control Easily navigate your Mac using just your voice. Improved dictation and richer text editing features make writing more efficient, while comprehensive commands let you open and interact with virtually any app. Navigate an app by calling out numbered labels next to clickable items or by superimposing a grid that lets you select, zoom, and drag with verbal commands. View the Accessibility White Paper (PDF) Zoom Display If you have two screens, you can keep one screen zoomed in close while the other remains at a standard resolution. It’s great for everyday work and giving a presentation. Hover Text Hover Text makes it easier to view text on your Mac display. Just hover over any text with your cursor and press Command. You’ll get a dedicated window with large, high-resolution text. You can even choose the fonts and colors. See a full list of what's new in macOS Catalina. Learn more macOS Catalina The power of Mac. Taken further. Featuring all-new, dedicated apps for music, TV, and podcasts. Smart new features in the apps you use every day. And Sidecar, which lets you use iPad as a second Mac display. Learn how to update Upgrade now See if your Mac can run macOS Catalina. MacBook 2015 and later Learn more MacBook Air 2012 and later Learn more MacBook Pro 2012 and later Learn more Mac mini 2012 and later Learn more iMac 2012 and later Learn more iMac Pro 2017 and later (all models) Mac Pro 2013 and later Learn more New tools to build new worlds. If you can imagine it, you can create it. ARKit 3 gives you new tools to build incredible experiences on the world’s largest AR platform. Learn more Develop for macOS Catalina. The Apple SDK offers enormous possibilities for developers to create apps that will work across Mac, iPhone, and iPad. Learn more about developing for macOS Catalina Upgrade to start your free trial. Get the latest iOS Get the latest iPadOS Get the latest tvOS Get the latest macOS Apple Footer A subscription is required for some Apple Music features. 4K, 4K HDR, 4K Dolby Vision, Dolby Atmos, and HDR10 content is available on all Mac models introduced in 2018 or later with 4K-resolution screens. Dolby Atmos is available on Mac notebooks introduced in 2018 or later. $4.99/month after free trial. No commitment. Plan automatically renews after trial until cancelled. Sidecar requires an iPad that supports Apple Pencil. Some features require Sidecar-enabled apps. Features are subject to change. Some features, applications, and services may not be available in all regions or all languages. The “Voice Control — See Voice Do” video highlights both iOS and macOS accessibility features. Voice Control is not available in all areas and on all Apple software.  Apple macOS macOS Catalina Shop and Learn Open Menu Close Menu Mac iPad iPhone Watch TV Music AirPods HomePod iPod touch Accessories Gift Cards Services Open Menu Close Menu Apple Music Apple News+ Apple TV+ Apple Arcade Apple Card iCloud Account Open Menu Close Menu Manage Your Apple ID Apple Store Account iCloud.com Apple Store Open Menu Close Menu Find a Store Genius Bar Today at Apple Apple Camp Field Trip Apple Store App Refurbished and Clearance Financing Apple Trade In Order Status Shopping Help For Business Open Menu Close Menu Apple and Business Shop for Business For Education Open Menu Close Menu Apple and Education Shop for College For Healthcare Open Menu Close Menu Apple in Healthcare Health on Apple Watch Health Records on iPhone For Government Open Menu Close Menu Shop for Government Shop for Veterans and Military Apple Values Open Menu Close Menu Accessibility Education Environment Inclusion and Diversity Privacy Supplier Responsibility About Apple Open Menu Close Menu Newsroom Apple Leadership Job Opportunities Investors Events Contact Apple More ways to shop: Find an Apple Store or other retailer near you. Or call 1-800-MY-APPLE. United States Copyright © 2019 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map