Make your donation now - Wikimedia Foundation Make your donation now Jump to navigation Jump to search From Wikipedia founder Jimmy Wales Wikipedia is one of the most visited websites in the world. Commerce is fine. Advertising is not evil. But it doesn't belong here. Not in Wikipedia. Wikipedia is something special. It is like a library or a public park. It is like a temple for the mind. It is a place we can all go to think, to learn, to share our knowledge with others. When I founded Wikipedia, I could have made it into a for-profit company with advertising banners, but I decided to do something different. We’ve worked hard over the years to keep it lean and tight. We fulfill our mission efficiently. If everyone reading this donated, our fundraiser would be done within an hour. But not everyone can or will donate. And that's fine. Each year just enough people decide to give. This year, please consider making a donation of $5, $20, $50 or whatever you can to protect and sustain Wikipedia. Thanks, Jimmy Wales Wikipedia Founder It appears that you do not have JavaScript enabled, or your browser does not support it. In order to provide a safe, secure and pleasant experience, our donation form requires JavaScript. Loading… (If the form does not load, your web browser may not be supported. Please try a different browser.) Donation amount (CAD) Just Once Give Monthly $2.75 $5 $10 $20 $30 $50 $100 Other Please select an amount (minimum $1) We cannot accept donations greater than USD $4 ($1 $2) through our website. Please contact our major gifts staff at $3. Donate by credit/debit card Visa MasterCard American Express JCB Discover PayPal I'll generously add $X to cover the transaction fees so you can keep 100% of my donation. Where your donation goes Technology: Servers, bandwidth, maintenance, development. Wikipedia is one of the top 10 websites in the world, and it runs on a fraction of what other top websites spend. People and Projects: The other top websites have thousands of employees. We have about 350 staff and contractors to support a wide variety of projects, making your donation a great investment in a highly-efficient not-for-profit organization. Tax deductibility information We do not sell or trade your information to anyone. By donating, you agree to share your personal information with the Wikimedia Foundation, the nonprofit organization that hosts Wikipedia and other Wikimedia projects, and its service providers pursuant to our donor policy. Wikimedia Foundation and its service providers are located in the United States and in other countries whose privacy laws may not be equivalent to your own. For more information please read our donor policy. For recurring donors, fixed monthly payments will be debited by the Wikimedia Foundation on the monthly anniversary of the first donation, until such time as you notify us to discontinue them. Donations initiated on the 29, 30, or 31 of the month will recur on the last day of the month for shorter months, as close to the original date as possible. For questions, please contact donate@wikimedia.org. Problems donating? Other ways to give Frequently asked questions Retrieved from " https://donate.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:LandingPage" Navigation menu Personal tools English Log in Namespaces Special page Variants Views More Search Navigation Support pages index Thank You page Other ways to give Problems donating Cancel or change recurring giving Matching Gifts Wiki Recent changes Documentation (collab) Tools Special pages Printable version Privacy policy About Donate Disclaimers Developers Statistics Cookie statement Mobile view