Man who stabbed two people to death on London Bridge had previous terror convictions | National Post		 Sign In Subscribe Search NationalPost.com ... News All News National World Toronto Politics Full Comment Sports All Sports NHL All NHL Vancouver Canucks Calgary Flames Edmonton Oilers Winnipeg Jets Toronto Maple Leafs Ottawa Senators Montreal Canadiens Baseball Basketball NBA NCAA Football CFL NFL Soccer Golf Golf Videos Tennis Culture All Culture Books Celebrity Movies Music Theatre Television Life All Life Health Homes Eating & Drinking Style Travel Life By Design Parenting Holiday Gift Guides More Horoscopes Jobs Classifieds Obituaries Flyercity Local Directory Driving Subscribe Financial Post Video Man who stabbed two people to death on London Bridge had previous terror convictions Police named 28-year-old Usman Khan as the suspect. A man and a woman were killed, and a man and two women remain in hospital An attacker is seen grappling with a passer-by in the seconds before the attacker was shot by police. Twitter Reuters November 29, 2019 7:50 PM EST Last Updated November 29, 2019 10:00 PM EST Filed under News Comment Facebook Twitter Reddit Email More Share this story Man who stabbed two people to death on London Bridge had previous terror convictions Tumblr Pinterest Google+ LinkedIn LONDON — British police named the man who stabbed two people to death in London on Friday in what the authorities called a terrorist attack as 28-year-old Usman Khan, who had been convicted of terrorism offences and was released from prison last year. “This individual was known to authorities, having been convicted in 2012 for terrorism offences,” Britain’s top counter-terrorism police officer, Neil Basu, said in a statement. “He was released from prison in December 2018 on license and clearly, a key line of enquiry now is to establish how he came to carry out this attack,” Basu said. U.K. police shoot attacker dead during 'terrorism-related' London Bridge knife rampage A person who is released on license is subject to conditions for the duration of their sentence after leaving prison. The Times newspaper reported that Khan had agreed to wear an electronic tag. The attacker went on the rampage just before 2 p.m., targeting people at Fishmongers’ Hall near London Bridge in the heart of the city’s financial district – the scene of a deadly attack by Islamist militants two years ago. A man holds a knife taken from the attacker, after a fatal stabbing spree at London Bridge. @HLOBlog via AP In addition to the man and the woman who were killed, a man and two women were injured and remain in hospital, Basu said. Just before news broke of the suspect’s previous conviction, Prime Minister Boris Johnson, who is seeking re-election on Dec. 12, said criminals must be made to serve their sentences. “It is a mistake to allow serious and violent criminals to come out of prison early, and it is very important that we get out of that habit and that we enforce the appropriate sentences for dangerous criminals, especially for terrorists,” he said. Johnson leads opposition leader Jeremy Corbyn, according to opinion polls. During the 2017 election campaign, London Bridge was the scene of an attack when three militants drove a van into pedestrians and then attacked people in the surrounding area, killing eight and injuring at least 48. The attack focused attention on cuts to policing since the governing Conservatives took power in 2010. “We owe a deep debt of gratitude to our police and emergency services, and the brave members of the public who put themselves in harm’s way to protect others,” Corbyn said late on Friday. In this grab taken from video made available by @HLOBlog, a man is surrounded by police after an incident on London Bridge, in London, Nov. 29, 2019. @HLOBlog via AP Comments Join the conversation → Election 2019 WatchWas the federal election a case of the right product but the wrong packaging for Conservatives? WatchConrad Black: Trudeau's hollow victory leaves the real issues facing this country unresolved Rex Murphy: This mess of an election has definitely changed the climate in the West Watch'This isn’t just anger': Seven prominent voices assess the post-election mood out West Share your feedback We want to improve your reading experience Take our 60-second survey Close Daily Headline News Thank you for subscribing to Postmedia's Newsletter. Email By clicking "Submit", I consent to receiving the above communication from Postmedia Network Inc. I understand that I may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. Submit Latest News Complaint says Quebec chief justice biased in Bill 21 case, should step aside Trump's decision not to take part in impeachment hearing 'unfortunate' -chairman After Libya arms embargo breaches, U.N. Security Council warns countries to stop Boy killed when car strikes group of children outside British school Toronto Weather -1°C Light snow Feels like -5°C Tuesday 1°C Wednesday 2°C Thursday 0°C Friday 2°C Complete Forecast News 'Sweating all over me': BBC to air interview with Virginia Giuffre, who says she was forced to have sex with Prince Andrew Huawei's Meng Wanzhou thanks supporters for 'warmth' and 'kindness' on first anniversary of arrest Ex-FBI lawyer Lisa Page says Trump's 'demeaning fake orgasm' was the last straw Seven words in a 3.5-hour movie: De Niro defends Anna Paquin’s role in ‘The Irishman’ Two members leave Nobel literature committee, criticizing Swedish Academy for taking 'too long' with reforms Six rescue attempts failed to free him, says former Taliban hostage Timothy Weeks Twenty dead, including four cops, as Mexican cartel riding in skull-decorated trucks attacks town Malta's leader to quit as scrutiny heightens over reporter's murder Impeachment process shifts to House Judiciary Committee but Trump won't be there Man who helped thwart London terror attack with a narwhal tusk hailed as hero One dead, many injured in Kingston Highway 401 snowstorm pileup Ontario introduces bill that would protect farmers from animal rights activists, raise trespassing fines Top Stories WatchHow Alberta completely eradicated rats from the province by declaring war on rodent hordes The result is that Alberta is a magical land where rats never destroy vegetable gardens and nobody gets diseased from rat droppings in their attic WatchBeyond Jordan Peterson: A National Post investigation into the state of free speech on campuses Is free speech under threat on university campuses today? Are governments right to intervene? Canada's cocaine cowboys: How a two-year RCMP sting led all the way to Mexican kingpin El Chapo A blood-soaked trail of interconnected traffickers and deals ran from the RCMP's Operation Harrington to the Sinaloa Cartel Everything you need to know about the flu, its symptoms and how to prevent it A common misconception is that influenza is the same as the stomach flu, but while influenza can lead to vomiting and diarrhoea, these are uncommon symptoms This Week's Flyers Comments Postmedia is pleased to bring you a new commenting experience. We are committed to maintaining a lively but civil forum for discussion and encourage all readers to share their views on our articles. We ask you to keep your comments relevant and respectful. Visit our community guidelines for more information. Sign in to Comment Classifieds Remembering Celebrating Classifieds Marketplace Careers FlyerCity Post a Classifieds ad Local Directory Advertise with Us Partnerships Appointment Notice Solutions Resources Content Works Sales Directory About Us My Account Subscriber Self-Serve ePaper Contact Us Stay Connected © 2019 National Post, a division of Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP 365 Bloor St East, Toronto, ON, M4W3L4, www.postmedia.com Privacy - Updated Terms Copyright Digital Ad Registry Site Map Contact Us