Mark Donlevy sentenced to 4 years for 6 sexual assaults while he was massage therapist | Saskatoon StarPhoenix	 Skip to navigation Skip to content News All News Local News Saskatchewan Politics Election 2019 National World Business All Business Local Business Energy Mining Mortgages Money Technology All Technology Gaming Internet Personal Tech Science Space Tech-Biz FP Markets Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Local Sports All Local Sports U of S Huskies Saskatoon Hilltops Hockey All Hockey NHL Saskatoon Blades Football All Football CFL Saskatchewan Roughriders NFL Baseball Basketball All Basketball NBA NCAA Golf Golf Videos Soccer All Soccer International Soccer MLS MMA Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies Television All Television TV Listings Music All Music NP Music Books Celebrity Life All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes All Homes Buying & Selling Condos Decorating Gardening Renovating Vacation Homes Living Spaces Food All Food Local Food Reviews Recipes Health All Health Diet & Fitness Family & Child Men Women Seniors Sexual Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Festivals Travel Bridges Puzzles & Comics Obits Classifieds All Classifieds Flyercity Celebrating Browse Listings Place a Classifieds Ad Local Directory Careers Driving All Driving News Reviews Car Comparison Buyer’s Guide Subscription |Featured: StarPhoenix Sporting Christmas Canada's growing obesity crisis TheGrowthOp: Cannabis in Canada Saskatchewan Rush New Faces Election 2019 Cannabis Broncos bus crash Videos The Royals Follow the Money People Project Spotlight | More Open Search Close Search Search Videos Sign In Sign Out Subscribe Mark Donlevy sentenced to 4 years for 6 sexual assaults while he was massage therapist Mark Donlevy pleaded guilty to six counts of sexual assault stemming from when he was a massage therapy student in 2009 to when he was a licensed practitioner working out of his Main Street home in 2016. Bre McAdam, Saskatoon StarPhoenix Updated: December 2, 2019 Share Adjust Comment Print Mark McMahon Donlevy knew “he had no consent” and “was taking advantage of his position” when he groped and digitally penetrated six women during treatments, a Saskatoon judge said before sentencing the former registered massage therapist to four years in prison. On Monday, Justice Brian Scherman said the sentence strikes a balance between Donlevy’s personal circumstances and his “serious sexual offences.” Donlevy, 51, will serve the four years consecutively to a three-year sentence he is currently serving after being convicted of sexual assault for date raping a women he met online in 2004. This summer, he pleaded guilty to six counts of sexual assault stemming from when he was a massage therapy student in 2009 to when he was a licensed practitioner working out of his Main Street home in 2016. Mark Donlevy enters Saskatoon’s Court of Queen’s Bench on Sept. 7, 2018 Matt Olson / Saskatoon StarPhoen / Saskatoon During sentencing submissions in Saskatoon Court of Queen’s Bench, Crown prosecutor Sheryl Fillo argued for a global sentence of six and a half years. Defence lawyer Alan McIntyre argued for two to three years. Scherman noted that he considered the assaults with digital penetration “very close” to a major sexual assault, which usually involves “penile penetration” and carries a sentence of around three years. He told the victims the terminology is not used to trivialize their experience, but is necessary to classify the offences for sentencing purposes. Scherman said he disagreed with McIntyre’s argument that Donlevy’s offences involved “fleeting touches,” and that he based this determination on comments Donlevy made during and after the assaults. Court heard he called one victim a “bitch” when she told him to stop, and that he told another woman to “relax” while he was rubbing her inner thigh. One woman said she slapped Donlevy after he digitally penetrated her, and that he responded by claiming he thought she was “into it.” “(These were) deliberate steps taken to test the victims to see how far he might be able to go without resistance, all the while knowing he had no consent and that he was taking advantage of his position in the circumstances,” Sherman said. He said he agreed with the Crown that Donlevy was in a position of trust and took advantage of vulnerable women desperate for pain relief. Many of the victims went to Donlevy because he claimed to specialize in pain alleviation. Donlevy also pleaded guilty and took responsibility for his offences despite his “plethora” of mental health issues, including post-traumatic stress disorder and sex addiction, Scherman noted.  “He is not, in this court, a victim,” Scherman said. “The victims (are) the ladies he assaulted.” Before he was sentenced, Donlevy addressed the court: “I’d like to apologize from the deepest depths of my heart. It was never my intention or my desires to harm anyone. I am regretful, I am remorseful and I am truly sorry.” He bent down in the prisoner’s box, burying his shaved head in his hands, after hearing his sentence. “Based on his personal circumstances, this is a very significant sentence and it can prove quite devastating. All in all, I think it is good that this chapter is closed for everybody,” McIntyre said after the sentencing. During his submissions, McIntyre asked that Scherman recommend Donlevy serve his sentence at the Regional Psychiatric Centre in Saskatoon, but Scherman declined to make the request. Donlevy was first charged after two women came forward in 2016 and accused Donlevy of inappropriately touching them during separate appointments. Ten more women contacted police after the charges were announced. Donlevy was charged with a total of 12 counts of sexual assault against 12 different women. His six remaining charges were stayed on Monday. Fillo said the Crown had to consider what a month-long trial, involving testimony from 12 women, would entail. In their statements, the six victims described Donlevy as a “coward” who made them fear men in professional positions. Many said they didn’t think anyone would believe them until they learned Donlevy had been charged with other assaults. “They wanted to support each other and they had held this inside for years, not feeling that they will be believed if they are the lone person. Their courage has gone beyond what any of us would know,” Fillo said outside the courthouse. “There may be many more coming forward; I’ve heard from other people that they may be reporting matters, so I urge anyone else that has something to come forward, they will be dealt with seriously.” bmcadam@postmedia.com twitter.com/breezybremc Related Mark Donlevy to learn sentence for sexual assaults of six massage clients Defence argues Mark Donlevy's sex assaults on massage clients were 'opportunistic' 'I was in the presence of a coward': Victims speak out, Crown wants 6.5 years for sex offender Mark Donlevy Mark Donlevy pleads guilty to sexually assaulting six female massage clients Saskatoon massage therapist Mark Donlevy appeals rape conviction Massage therapist Mark Donlevy gets three years in prison for sexual assault Mark Donlevy enters Saskatoon’s Court of Queen’s Bench on Sept. 7, 2018 Matt Olson / Saskatoon StarPhoen / Saskatoon  'Shocked and excited': Injured Bronco Ryan Straschnitzki at 'loss for words'... This Week's Flyers Comments Postmedia is pleased to bring you a new commenting experience. We are committed to maintaining a lively but civil forum for discussion and encourage all readers to share their views on our articles. Comments may take up to an hour for moderation before appearing on the site. We ask you to keep your comments relevant and respectful. Visit our Community Guidelines for more information. Sign in to Comment Connect With Us Most Popular Now Mark Donlevy sentenced to 4 years for 6 sexual assaults while he was massage therapist ... SP Opinion: The problem isn’t solar energy. It’s the energy system. | Saskatoon StarPhoenix Tank: Real buffer lies between data and Saskatoon’s bizarre bike rule | Saskatoon StarPhoenix Twenty dead, including four cops, as Mexican cartel riding in skull-decorated trucks attacks town | This Week's Flyers Share this story Mark Donlevy sentenced to 4 years for 6 sexual assaults while he was massage therapist Facebook Twitter Reddit Email Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn News All News Local News Saskatchewan Politics National World Business All Business Local Business Energy Mining Mortgages Money Technology FP Markets Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Local Sports Hockey Football Baseball Basketball Golf Soccer MMA Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies Television Music Books Celebrity Life All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes Food Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Festivals Travel Bridges Puzzles & Comics 365 Bloor St East, Toronto, ON, M4W3L4, www.postmedia.com © 2019 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Classifieds Obits Careers Browse Classifieds Place an Ad Driving FlyerCity Local Directory Legal Privacy – Updated Terms Copyright Digital Ad Registry Services Advertise With Us Subscribe My Subscription Edit Profile Contact ePaper Digital Access Contests NIE Properties Calgary Herald Canada.com Edmonton Journal London Free Press Montreal Gazette National Post Ottawa Citizen Leader-Post (Regina) The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun Windsor Star