Mazda mulls over making the MX-5 electric | Driving Home News & Opinion Latest News Auto Shows Motor Mouth Lorraine Complains More Columns Reviews First Drives Road Tests Comparisons All Reviews Research Buyer's Guide Car Comparison New Car Deals Video Features All Features Safety and Maintenance Supercars Luxury Cars Classic Cars Electric Cars Motorcycles Lifestyle Gear Guide Get Exclusive Pricing Search Search Driving Popular Now Lorraine Explains: Mad enough to leave your insurance company? Wait! 1 Mazda Miata, Lexuses are Consumer Reports’ top 10 most reliable models 2 These 5 cars’ iconic names were tarnished by their makers 3 4,000-hp Thor24 custom truck hammers for US$12 million in Saudi Arabia 4 Colour commentary: why is bright paint on cars so expensive? 5 News Mazda mulls over making the MX-5 electric News Roundup: A pickup tug-of-war war, a 1,000-hp Mustang, plus an actual pony car This guy built a working 'Star Wars' land speeder in his garage HOME / Mazda / MX-5 Miata / Auto News / News / Mazda mulls over making the MX-5 electric Sources say the sports car could go full EV but must retain its lightweight rep by Coleman Molnar   | 1 day ago SHARE STORY 2019 Mazda MX-5 Miata Nick Tragianis / Driving The rumour mill is churning out Mazda news the next-gen MX-5 could get electrified, either partially as a hybrid or fully as a battery powered EV, in the near future.  Autocar in the UK reports that sources within the brand, including research and development head Ichiro Hirose and brand and design chief Ikuo Maeda, are aware drivers of the sporty little MX-5 are seeking environmentally friendly alternatives. And apparently the brand is willing to play along.   “The preference of people who enjoy driving sports cars might be changing, so we need to think about what direction society is going,” Maeda told Autocar. “We want to look at the best powertrain to keep the vehicle lightweight, but because of the diversifying requirements and preference, we need to explore various options. RELATED The RX-8’s spirit lives on in Mazda’s first electric vehicle Toyota and Subaru confirm they’re co-developing a next-gen 86 and BRZ “I don’t have the answer now but we need to make a vehicle that people can own without worrying that they are not being eco-friendly.” So, regardless of whether or how the little drop-top sports car is given the “e” prefix, Mazda promises to keep it true to its lightweight motoring roots, reiterating to Autocar that “The lightweighting and compact size are essential elements of MX-5, so even if we apply electrification, we have to make sure it really helps to achieve the lightweighting of the vehicle.” The latest Mazda Miata MX-5 got a healthy jolt of power, and any electrification is likely to do more of the same. We’re open to the idea, but will certainly be holding Mazda to its word on keeping the car light on its feet. LISTEN: In this week’s episode, we talk about all the electrifying news coming out of the 2019 Los Angeles Auto Show with Postmedia Driving senior writer David Booth, including Ford’s bold Mustang Mach-e SUV. And, of course, we get Booth’s take on Tesla’s Cybertruck. Plugged In is available on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, Stitcher, and Google Podcasts. Is the player not working? Click here. RELATED TAGS MX-5 Miata Mazda Convertible Non-Luxury Electric Cars News COMMENTS SHARE YOUR THOUGHTS We encourage all readers to share their views on our articles using Facebook commenting Visit our FAQ page for more information. Local Pricing & Incentives Year 2019 2018 2017 Choose A Make Choose A Model Choose A Trim Please select a vehicle MSRP $--- See what your neighbours are paying Most Popular Comparisons Midsize sedans to heat things up Go big and go home with new pickups Hybrids making it easier to go green Compact cars without compromise Top picks for a blend of sport and utility Battle of bulk between these muscle cars Faceoff between best-selling sports utes Popular Now Lorraine Explains: Mad enough to leave your insurance company? Wait! 1 Mazda Miata, Lexuses are Consumer Reports’ top 10 most reliable models 2 These 5 cars’ iconic names were tarnished by their makers 3 4,000-hp Thor24 custom truck hammers for US$12 million in Saudi Arabia 4 Colour commentary: why is bright paint on cars so expensive? 5 You may also like News  Mazda now selling first-gen Miata restoration parts in North America News  Mazda to unveil 30th anniversary edition Miata in Chicago Collector Classics  Collector Classic: 1991 Mazda Miata News  Mazda's first factory-restored Miata rolls out of the shop Road Test  Car Review: 2018 Mazda MX-5 GT News  Mazda builds its 1,000,000th MX-5 Miata Share This Story All Car Brands Acura Alfa Romeo Aston Martin Audi Bentley BMW Bugatti Buick Cadillac Chevrolet Chrysler Daewoo Dodge Eagle Ferrari FIAT Fisker Ford Genesis GMC Honda HUMMER Hyundai Infiniti Isuzu Jaguar Jeep Kia Lamborghini Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Lotus Maserati Maybach Mazda McLaren Mercedes-Benz Mercury MINI Mitsubishi Nissan Oldsmobile Peugeot Plymouth Pontiac Porsche Ram Renault Rolls-Royce Saab Saturn Scion Smart Spyker Subaru Suzuki Tesla Toyota Volkswagen Volvo A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Subscribe to the Driving newsletter Thank you for subscribing! Please input a valid e-mail address Sign me up! Follow Driving is a part of Postmedia Network Inc. About Driving Contact Us FAQ Advertiser Inquiries Sitemap 365 Bloor St East, Toronto, ON, M4W3L4, www.postmedia.com © 2019 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distrbution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Privacy Terms Copyright & Permissions