Mazda Miata, Lexuses are Consumer Reports’ top 10 most reliable models | Driving Home News & Opinion Latest News Auto Shows Motor Mouth Lorraine Complains More Columns Reviews First Drives Road Tests Comparisons All Reviews Research Buyer's Guide Car Comparison New Car Deals Video Features All Features Safety and Maintenance Supercars Luxury Cars Classic Cars Electric Cars Motorcycles Lifestyle Gear Guide Get Exclusive Pricing Search Search Driving Popular Now Lorraine Explains: Mad enough to leave your insurance company? Wait! 1 Mazda Miata, Lexuses are Consumer Reports’ top 10 most reliable models 2 These 5 cars’ iconic names were tarnished by their makers 3 4,000-hp Thor24 custom truck hammers for US$12 million in Saudi Arabia 4 Colour commentary: why is bright paint on cars so expensive? 5 News Mazda Miata, Lexuses are Consumer Reports' top 10 most reliable models This guy built a working 'Star Wars' land speeder in his garage HOME / Lexus / Auto News / News / Mazda Miata, Lexuses are Consumer Reports' top 10 most reliable models Toyota products, an SUV and — wait, a sports car is the most reliable car of the year!? by Alex Reid   | 4 hours ago SHARE STORY 2019 Mazda MX-5 Miata Nick Tragianis / Nick Tragianis Consumer Reports has published its list of the top 10 most reliable vehicle models for 2019, and the one at the very top is, oddly enough, a sports car. To evaluate the vehicles, Consumer Reports surveys owner on 17 problem areas, including squeaky brakes, broken interior trim, out-of-warranty transmission repairs and four-wheel-drive issues. The severity of each problem is weighted to give a Predicted Reliability Score, cross-referenced with the staff’s own track tests plus satisfaction survey results to give the final score. Some 420,000 vehicles are surveyed in the test. Unsurprisingly, the list is populated mostly with vehicles from Toyota and its luxury sub-brand, Lexus. However, Mazda has managed to make great strides, and so has Kia, so let’s take a look. RELATED The most – and least – reliable brands for 2019, ranked by Consumer Reports These are J.D. Power’s best – and worst – automotive brands for 2019 The Lexus GS sedan is the 10th most reliable car of 2020, followed by the Mazda CX-9. Taking things off-road for number eight is the Toyota 4Runner, and then back to luxury for number seven in the Lexus NX. At number six is another Mazda, the CX-3. The number five spot is taken by the Hyundai Kona, which also won the North American Utility Vehicle of the year for 2019. The Lexus GX full-sized SUV tumbles a couple of spots from number one, to its new home at number four. Bronze and silver medals are given to the Prius and Prius Prime, respectively. Thankfully Consumer Reports doesn’t factor in vehicle aesthetics. Toppling years of Lexus supremacy at the top of the list, the Mazda MX-5 Miata has taken the top spot for most reliable vehicle this year. It comes as a surprise, but makes sense when you think about it. The elemental sports car is almost devoid of electronic intereference – fewer things to go wrong, right? – and with a manual gearbox it drops the complexity down another peg. LISTEN: In this week’s episode, we talk about all the electrifying news coming out of the 2019 Los Angeles Auto Show with Postmedia Driving senior writer David Booth, including Ford’s bold Mustang Mach-e SUV. And, of course, we get Booth’s take on Tesla’s Cybertruck. Plugged In is available on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, Stitcher, and Google Podcasts. Is the player not working? Click here. RELATED TAGS Lexus Flex News COMMENTS SHARE YOUR THOUGHTS We encourage all readers to share their views on our articles using Facebook commenting Visit our FAQ page for more information. Local Pricing & Incentives Year 2019 2018 2017 Choose A Make Choose A Model Choose A Trim Please select a vehicle MSRP $--- See what your neighbours are paying Most Popular Comparisons Midsize sedans to heat things up Go big and go home with new pickups Hybrids making it easier to go green Compact cars without compromise Top picks for a blend of sport and utility Battle of bulk between these muscle cars Faceoff between best-selling sports utes Popular Now Lorraine Explains: Mad enough to leave your insurance company? Wait! 1 Mazda Miata, Lexuses are Consumer Reports’ top 10 most reliable models 2 These 5 cars’ iconic names were tarnished by their makers 3 4,000-hp Thor24 custom truck hammers for US$12 million in Saudi Arabia 4 Colour commentary: why is bright paint on cars so expensive? 5 You may also like Feature Story  The top 7 cars we saw in Los Angeles that you'll want in your driveway News  Lexus unveils its first all-electric vehicle — but Canada won't get it News  Lexus chops top off LC, still looks gorgeous Feature Story  Canada's 10 top-selling Canadian-made vehicles in 2019's first three-quarters First Drives  First Drive: 2020 Lexus RX News  The most – and least – reliable brands for 2019, ranked by Consumer Reports Share This Story All Car Brands Acura Alfa Romeo Aston Martin Audi Bentley BMW Bugatti Buick Cadillac Chevrolet Chrysler Daewoo Dodge Eagle Ferrari FIAT Fisker Ford Genesis GMC Honda HUMMER Hyundai Infiniti Isuzu Jaguar Jeep Kia Lamborghini Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Lotus Maserati Maybach Mazda McLaren Mercedes-Benz Mercury MINI Mitsubishi Nissan Oldsmobile Peugeot Plymouth Pontiac Porsche Ram Renault Rolls-Royce Saab Saturn Scion Smart Spyker Subaru Suzuki Tesla Toyota Volkswagen Volvo A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Subscribe to the Driving newsletter Thank you for subscribing! Please input a valid e-mail address Sign me up! Follow Driving is a part of Postmedia Network Inc. About Driving Contact Us FAQ Advertiser Inquiries Sitemap 365 Bloor St East, Toronto, ON, M4W3L4, www.postmedia.com © 2019 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distrbution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Privacy Terms Copyright & Permissions