Men's Health & Wellness | Fitness & Medical News  | Windsor Star	 Skip to navigation Skip to content News All News Local News National Election 2019 World Traffic Business All Business Local Business Energy Technology All Technology Gaming Internet Personal Tech Science Space Tech-Biz FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Hockey All Hockey NHL Detroit Red Wings Toronto Maple Leafs Football All Football NFL Detroit Lions CFL Baseball All Baseball Detroit Tigers Basketball All Basketball NBA NCAA Windsor Express Golf Golf Videos Soccer All Soccer International Soccer MLS Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies All Movies Movie Listings Television All Television TV Listings Music All Music NP Music Books Celebrity Life Milestones All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes All Homes Condos Decorating Gardening Renovating Vacation Homes Food All Food Local Food Reviews Recipes From the Vault Health All Health Diet & Fitness Family & Child Men Women Seniors Sexual Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Travel Obits Classifieds All Classifieds Flyercity Celebrating Browse Listings Place a Classifieds Ad Local Directory Careers Driving All Driving News Reviews Car Comparison Buyer’s Guide Subscription Life Health Men |Featured: Milestones Fit Tips Windsor In Pictures Kelly Steele | More Open Search Close Search Search Videos Sign In Sign Out Subscribe Brooks: Laughter is the best medicine Cowboys’ 3rd annual Blue Ball saw scores of guests rolling in the aisles as some of the best standup comics in the business riffed on taboo topics such as erectile dysfunction, man-scaping and other don’t-go-there guy stuff. Local News The Village designed from ground up to accommodate people living with dementia Local News 'The bodies are piling up': Inside the opioid epidemic and the crisis that won't go ... Local News U.S. stem cell clinic offering unapproved therapies brings direct-to-consumer marketing to Ottawa Just a few months after Health Canada began cracking down on private clinics offering unapproved stem cell therapies, at least one U. Local News 'Sliver of hope': How former Canuck Corey Hirsch overcame mental health crisis Reaching out for help may be hard, but it's the most important thing to do when facing mental health issues, says former Canucks goalie Larry Goldenberg: Checking PSA is not stepping onto a slippery slope to inevitable biopsies 'The Salvation Army gave me my life’: Kettle campaign kicks off 'Restoring humanity': Riding along with Hope Mission’s 24-7 rescue van UWindsor chef serves up healthy skin care There was a time when Chef Andrew Braithwaite was known for making a rather mean creole seafood dish. Local News Allowing abused women to bring their pets to crisis shelters could save lives, UWindsor profs ... Local News Windsor-Essex first in Ontario with tool to reduce idled ambulances Local News Violence against long-term care workers, nurses at alarming levels across Ontario Eighty-eight per cent of personal support workers and nurses working at long-term care facilities in Ontario experience physical violence, many once a week, according to a poll commissioned by unions representing the mostly-female workers. Diet & Fitness $6M for bike lanes, trails to build on 'tremendous growth' in cycling across Essex County “Tremendous growth” in cycling on Essex County’s roads and multi-use trails made spending another $6 million on even more routes an easy choice this week. More Health News 'Not your regular coffee shop' — Windsor's 'sober' bar for recovering addicts gaining attention Inclusive CrossFit workout part of World Down Syndrome Day in Windsor $1M brain cancer research grant for University of Windsor's Lisa Porter Living with dementia: 'I can't let it stop me,' says Windsor woman Windsor Regional Hospital has new strategy for ER discharge for homeless patients Crisis and Mental Wellness Centre a one-stop downtown shop for mental health help Investigate breast cancer cases at Ambassador Bridge, says customs union and researcher Growing up with a parent with mental illness: $50K research grant to help Windsor children More women than men in Ontario die of heart failure, study finds Cutting suicide risk just a Windsor Regional Hospital ER phone call away Windsor woman battles rare liver disease Daytime biting mosquitoes that could carry Zika found in Windsor for third year Mapping the beaver genome a home run for geneticist Stephen Scherer Researcher seeks 20 women for breast cancer study Health funding must increase to deal with crisis, says Ontario Health Coalition New online service updates wait times at medical clinics Local News Douglas Todd: The long shadow of war looms over veterans, and their children On Remembrance Day, it’s important to be aware of those who return with emotional scars — and that means considering their families as well. Local News A century of trauma: Tracing the evolution of PTSD through four soldiers War has inflicted trauma on successive generations of Canadian soldiers. Local News Take the shot: Flu vaccine rolls out across Alberta Health officials are asking Albertans to once again take one in the arm this flu season. Albertans six months of age or older can now get a flu shot at public influenza immunization clinics, which began administering the vaccine on Monday. Columnists Christopher Labos: Prostate cancer and the problem with PSA testing False positives, over-diagnosis and a stable mortality rate raise doubts about this kind of screening for healthy men. Local News Ottawa-based treatment an unprecedented leap forward in addressing damage after heart attack It took years for Emilio Alarcon and his University of Ottawa Heart Institute research team to fully believe what they were seeing — that a gel they had developed containing human collagen was repairing damaged hearts in mice. Local News How the elderly and frail are caught in the crosshairs of push to end hallway ... Hospitals are not the right place for them and their families can’t care for them at home. The elderly and frail are increasingly collateral damage in the drive to end hallway medicine in Ontario, say advocates and families. Family & Child Finding another way: Day Hospital helps those suffering with mental illness Twitter.com/jefflabine Men Keenan: Celibacy and its discontents The recent release of the Batman-themed movie The Joker came with unprecedented security at theatres around the world, especially in the United States. Local News Brooks: The Beat Goes On Gala raises $700k for heart health Cardiovascular disease is the No. 1 killer globally for both men and women. The good news is that the innovative research, education and health care being done at the Libin Cardiovascular Institute of Alberta will reduce the impact of the disease. Local News 'Sky is the limit' for heart treatment without invasive surgery When the treatment was done, the patient looked confused. “Is that it?” he asked Dr. Calum Redpath. Page 1 of 3 Connect With Us Business of Health This section was created by Content Works, Postmedia’s commercial content division, on behalf of an Innovative Medicines Canada company. x Sponsored by an Innovative Medicines Canada company Sponsored: How innovative therapies offer hope for cancer sufferers Sponsored: a preventative lifeline throughout history Sponsored: Protecting Canadians’ access to medicine Sponsored: She was diagnosed with Stage 4 cancer on Mother’s Day Weather Weather Currently Feels Like We want you to have the most accurate weather report you can. Please enter a valid postal code Top Stories Windsor woman dies in Chatham-Kent crash | Windsor Star Pussycat Dolls’ raunchy ‘nearly naked’ reunion sparks 400 complaints | Windsor Star Man gets house arrest for defrauding employer of almost $1 million | Windsor Star Windsor Weather Forecast - News & Reports | Windsor Star TV Listings What's On Tonight for Find your full TV Listings here! This Week's Flyers News All News Local News National World Traffic Business All Business Local Business Energy Technology FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Hockey Football Baseball Basketball Golf Soccer Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies Television Music Books Celebrity Life Milestones All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes Food From the Vault Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Travel 365 Bloor St East, Toronto, ON, M4W3L4, www.postmedia.com © 2019 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Classifieds Obits Careers Browse Classifieds Place a Classified Ad Celebrating Driving FlyerCity Local Directory Legal Privacy – Updated Terms Copyright & Permissions Digital Ad Registry Services Advertise With Us Subscribe My Subscription Edit Profile Contact ePaper Digital Access Contests Partnerships Properties Calgary Herald Canada.com Edmonton Journal London Free Press Montreal Gazette National Post Ottawa Citizen Leader-Post (Regina) The StarPhoenix (Saskatoon) The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun Post to Cancel