Men's Health, Wellness, Fitness & Medical News  | Saskatoon StarPhoenix	 Skip to navigation Skip to content News All News Local News Saskatchewan Politics Election 2019 National World Business All Business Local Business Energy Mining Mortgages Money Technology All Technology Gaming Internet Personal Tech Science Space Tech-Biz FP Markets Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Local Sports All Local Sports U of S Huskies Saskatoon Hilltops Hockey All Hockey NHL Saskatoon Blades Football All Football CFL Saskatchewan Roughriders NFL Baseball Basketball All Basketball NBA NCAA Golf Golf Videos Soccer All Soccer International Soccer MLS MMA Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies Television All Television TV Listings Music All Music NP Music Books Celebrity Life All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes All Homes Buying & Selling Condos Decorating Gardening Renovating Vacation Homes Living Spaces Food All Food Local Food Reviews Recipes Health All Health Diet & Fitness Family & Child Men Women Seniors Sexual Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Festivals Travel Bridges Puzzles & Comics Obits Classifieds All Classifieds Flyercity Celebrating Browse Listings Place a Classifieds Ad Local Directory Careers Driving All Driving News Reviews Car Comparison Buyer’s Guide Subscription Life Health Men |Featured: StarPhoenix Sporting Christmas Canada's growing obesity crisis TheGrowthOp: Cannabis in Canada Saskatchewan Rush New Faces Election 2019 Cannabis Broncos bus crash Videos The Royals Follow the Money People Project Spotlight | More Open Search Close Search Search Videos Sign In Sign Out Subscribe More Stories Personal Tech Study shows absence of sleep, abundance of screen time can lead to impulsive behaviour Children who are not getting enough sleep and spending a significant amount of time looking at screens have a higher likelihood of making poor decisions, a study published on Wednesday found. Columnists Daphne Bramham: We the North. So, why aren't we listening to what Inuit are saying ... OPINION: The Inuit have survived harsh conditions that defeated countless explorers and adventurers, and they have much to teach us — if only we’re willing to listen. Columnists Daphne Bramham: Human trafficking is pervasive and largely ignored in Canada Daphne Bramham: The pervasiveness of human trafficking shocked the chief commissioner of the inquiry into murdered and missing Indigenous women and girls. It should shock us all into action. National 'God was there': A year after landmark Canadian transplant, Maurice Desjardins is learning to live ... After the surgery, people stopped Maurice on the streets — in his rural Quebec village, and in Montreal. Everywhere, people stopped him. It’s a miracle, they said Columnists Sen. Patrick Brazeau: How family – and a stranger’s kindness – made life worth living Sometimes, all it takes is genuine human connection, even between strangers, to help someone who is in crisis. Columnists Douglas Todd: Riddled by machine-gun bullets, my grandfather proved resilient On human resilience: How can a farm boy who survived the machine guns, drowning mud and corpse-eating rats of the Battle of Passchendaele actually turn out OK? Local News Living with Aspergers: I feel that my Asperger's defines me, but in a positive light, ... How can I live with Asperger’s? This is a question I often find difficult to answer. Asperger’s affects many individuals in different ways, and some it may barely affect at all. Seniors On pins and needles: Murray Hill gives a first-person account of knee surgery in Saskatoon As I lay on an operating table listening to my favourite Jesse Cook tunes on an iPod, I found myself reflecting on the role a Playboy magazine played in putting me there. Local News Flu vaccine vital for yourself and those around you: pharmacist Roderick Amaya, a pharmacist at and owner of the University Heights Shoppers Drug Mart talks about the benefits of receiving a flu shot for the recipient and the community at large. Men Hanoski promotes talking about prostate cancer to ease the taboo When Stan Hanoski was told he had an elevated PSA, he didn’t have a clue what that meant. Nor did he know why he was being sent for a biopsy. Diagnosed with prostate cancer in 2015, Hanoski had surgery and radiation treatments. He continues to have blood tests and sees an oncologist every six months. […] Family & Child When are you too old to go to the club? Science has the answer Your time has come: Do you choose the club or the crypt? Local News Saskatoon yogi hopes to dispel misconception with 'Big Guy Yoga' class A Saskatoon instructor is encouraging "big guys" to take part in the practice of yoga and he hopes several classes in June help dispel misconceptions that only people with certain body types can excel in the ancient activity. World Snoring is a voluntary habit, U.K. surgeon says — and it can be cured with ... The workout is split into three sets of three exercises, each designed to work a specific part of the mouth and neck - the tongue, the soft palate and the lower throat Sexual Health What do women really want in their own version of Viagra? A pill that makes ... Nearly two-thirds of women indicated they would be "willing" to use a sexuality-boosting medication. When asked which aspects they would want to enhance, most said to increase orgasm frequency National Still reeling from a rough 2016? Tips for moving forward in the new year TORONTO - It's a new year and a chance for a new beginning. Diet & Fitness Celine Cooper: The 'right to disconnect'? Nice idea, but it won't work France now has a law to protect work-life balance and prevent the digital burnout of its citizens. Diet & Fitness A miner will save millions from blindness Would I, as a doctor, ever expect to meet a miner? As Mark Twain remarked, “A mine is a hole in the ground with a liar at the top. National Why Canada is falling behind in lung cancer treatment People react with shock when Elizabeth Dessureault tells them she has lung cancer. For the vibrant young Ottawa mother, whose main focus this week was her toddler’s second Halloween, that is the point. While she undergoes treatment for non-small cell lung cancer, the 27-year-old lifelong non-smoker has made it her mission to change the conversation […] Page 1 of 3 Connect With Us Business of Health This section was created by Content Works, Postmedia’s commercial content division, on behalf of an Innovative Medicines Canada company. x Sponsored by an Innovative Medicines Canada company Sponsored: How innovative therapies offer hope for cancer sufferers Sponsored: a preventative lifeline throughout history Sponsored: Protecting Canadians’ access to medicine Sponsored: She was diagnosed with Stage 4 cancer on Mother’s Day Don't Miss Arts Crime Bill Cosby rails against mainstream media in Thanksgiving Twitter rant Music Alanis Morissette reveals 'Jagged Little Pill' 25th anniversary tour dates Celebrity Billy Dee Williams says he's gender fluid, sees himself as 'feminine as well as masculine' Suit Yourself Sponsored by INDOCHINO The spring trifecta: Three ways to diversify your suit collection Groom finds perfectly fitting wedding suit at a great price Whether online or brick and mortar, Indochino CEO Drew Green sees customization and personality as ... 5 Simple Steps To Take Care of Your Suit Weather Weather Currently Feels Like We want you to have the most accurate weather report you can. Please enter a valid postal code Health News DivaCup improving lives around the world Vegan sues Burger King, claiming Impossible Whoppers are contaminated by meat What to eat (and avoid) if you're trying lose weight The case for getting fitter — not slimmer: Why our obsession with weight could be ... TV Listings What's On Tonight for Find your full TV Listings here! News All News Local News Saskatchewan Politics National World Business All Business Local Business Energy Mining Mortgages Money Technology FP Markets Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Local Sports Hockey Football Baseball Basketball Golf Soccer MMA Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies Television Music Books Celebrity Life All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes Food Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Festivals Travel Bridges Puzzles & Comics 365 Bloor St East, Toronto, ON, M4W3L4, www.postmedia.com © 2019 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Classifieds Obits Careers Browse Classifieds Place an Ad Driving FlyerCity Local Directory Legal Privacy – Updated Terms Copyright Digital Ad Registry Services Advertise With Us Subscribe My Subscription Edit Profile Contact ePaper Digital Access Contests NIE Properties Calgary Herald Canada.com Edmonton Journal London Free Press Montreal Gazette National Post Ottawa Citizen Leader-Post (Regina) The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun Windsor Star Post to Cancel