Mercedes-AMG GLS 63 is a three-row sport-brute with 603 HP | Driving Home News & Opinion Latest News Auto Shows Motor Mouth Lorraine Complains More Columns Reviews First Drives Road Tests Comparisons All Reviews Research Buyer's Guide Car Comparison New Car Deals Video Features All Features Safety and Maintenance Supercars Luxury Cars Classic Cars Electric Cars Motorcycles Lifestyle Gear Guide Get Exclusive Pricing Search More Calgary Edmonton Vancouver Detroit CES Los Angeles Toronto More Shows New York Paris Frankfurt Geneva Montreal Ottawa Tokyo Beijing Other Cities Search Driving Popular Now Lorraine Explains: Mad enough to leave your insurance company? Wait! 1 4,000-hp Thor24 custom truck hammers for US$12 million in Saudi Arabia 2 These 5 cars’ iconic names were tarnished by their makers 3 This guy built a working ‘Star Wars’ land speeder in his garage 4 Colour commentary: why is bright paint on cars so expensive? 5 L.A. Auto Show Mercedes-AMG GLS 63 is a three-row sport-brute with 603 HP BMW's 2020 M8 Gran Coupe is more practical for more people GM sues Fiat Chrysler, alleging corruption undermined its UAW deals HOME / Mercedes-Benz / GLS / Auto Shows / L.A. Auto Show / Mercedes-AMG GLS 63 is a three-row sport-brute with 603 HP You'll definitely get to soccer practice on time with Mercedes' latest GLS by David Booth   | November 20, 2019 SHARE STORY Mercedes-AMG GLS 63 Nadine Filion / Los Angles What is it? Yet another uber-powered sport-brute in the Mercedes-AMG performance division, this one both more powerful and emissions-conscious than ever. Why does it matter? Well, the GLS is the biggest SUV in Mercedes’ lineup and now, with its AMG-tuned 4.0-litre enhanced with EQ Boost electrification, it’s the baddest. In regular AMG 63 guise, the twin-turbo V8 is enhanced by the starter-generator’s 21 horses for a total of 603 horsepower. More impressively, the EQ produces 184 pound-feet of the 63’s driveshaft-twisting 627 lb.-ft. Zero to 60 mph (96 km/h) is said to take 4.1 seconds, incredibly quick for a gargantuan three-row SUV. Top speed is 280 km/h and even that is electronically limited. There’s no mention of the new GLS’s fuel economy, but previous 48-volt mild hybrids from Mercedes have boasted a slight increase in fuel economy despite their increased performance. Check out all of our latest auto show coverage here Other performance enhancements include the nine-speed Speedshift transmission that allows for multi-gear downshifts; for instance, you can kick down from fifth to third and directly from ninth to fifth. AMG’s Ride Control+ air suspension, meanwhile, keeps the heavy — no curb weight announced but don’t expect it to be any lighter than the current GLS 450’s 2,425 kilograms — from rolling excessively during hard cornering. Sport and Sport+ modes lower the suspension by 10 millimetres when you start getting serious about speed. There are even electronically controlled roll bars at both ends that, according to Mercedes, almost keeps the big GLS “flat” round hairpins. All told, this is one family hauler that will always be on time for soccer practice. Mercedes-AMG GLS 63 Nadine Filion / Los Angles Mercedes-AMG GLS 63 Nadine Filion / Los Angles Mercedes-AMG GLS 63 Nadine Filion / Los Angles Mercedes-AMG GLS 63 Nadine Filion / Los Angles Mercedes-AMG GLS 63 Nadine Filion / Los Angles Mercedes-AMG GLS 63 Nadine Filion / Los Angles Mercedes-AMG GLS 63 Nadine Filion / Los Angles Mercedes-AMG GLS 63 Nadine Filion / Los Angles Mercedes-AMG GLS 63 Nadine Filion / Los Angles Mercedes-AMG GLS 63 Nadine Filion / Los Angles Mercedes-AMG GLS 63 Nadine Filion / Los Angles Mercedes-AMG GLS 63 Nadine Filion / Los Angles Mercedes-AMG GLS 63 Nadine Filion / Los Angles Mercedes-AMG GLS 63 Nadine Filion / Los Angles When is it coming? The GLS 63 will launch in the U.S. in mid-2020, but Canadian availability is yet to be determined. Should you buy it? Do you have the requisite $140,000 or so? Do you really want to scare your children — or anyone in the rear seats, for that matter — that much? Or, do you just need the biggest, baddest SUV in Mercedes lineup? If the answer to any — or all — of those questions is yes, then maybe you should be shopping the GLS 63. If not, the basic 450 4Matic version will probably do you just fine. RELATED TAGS GLS Mercedes-Benz SUV Luxury Los Angeles L.A. Auto Show News COMMENTS SHARE YOUR THOUGHTS We encourage all readers to share their views on our articles using Facebook commenting Visit our FAQ page for more information. Local Pricing & Incentives Year 2019 2018 2017 Choose A Make Choose A Model Choose A Trim Please select a vehicle MSRP $--- See what your neighbours are paying Most Popular Comparisons Midsize sedans to heat things up Go big and go home with new pickups Hybrids making it easier to go green Compact cars without compromise Top picks for a blend of sport and utility Battle of bulk between these muscle cars Faceoff between best-selling sports utes Popular Now Lorraine Explains: Mad enough to leave your insurance company? Wait! 1 4,000-hp Thor24 custom truck hammers for US$12 million in Saudi Arabia 2 These 5 cars’ iconic names were tarnished by their makers 3 This guy built a working ‘Star Wars’ land speeder in his garage 4 Colour commentary: why is bright paint on cars so expensive? 5 You may also like Lorraine Complains/Explains   Lorraine Explains: How much would you risk to save a stranger's life? First Drives   First Drive: 2020 Mercedes-Benz GLS New York Auto Show   2020 Mercedes-Benz GLS proves bigger is better Feature Story   The top 7 cars we saw in Los Angeles that you'll want in your driveway News   Our hits and misses from the 2019 LA Auto Show News   First Look: 2021 Chevrolet Trailblazer Share This Story All Car Brands Acura Alfa Romeo Aston Martin Audi Bentley BMW Bugatti Buick Cadillac Chevrolet Chrysler Daewoo Dodge Eagle Ferrari FIAT Fisker Ford Genesis GMC Honda HUMMER Hyundai Infiniti Isuzu Jaguar Jeep Kia Lamborghini Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Lotus Maserati Maybach Mazda McLaren Mercedes-Benz Mercury MINI Mitsubishi Nissan Oldsmobile Peugeot Plymouth Pontiac Porsche Ram Renault Rolls-Royce Saab Saturn Scion Smart Spyker Subaru Suzuki Tesla Toyota Volkswagen Volvo A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Subscribe to the Driving newsletter Thank you for subscribing! Please input a valid e-mail address Sign me up! Follow Driving is a part of Postmedia Network Inc. About Driving Contact Us FAQ Advertiser Inquiries Sitemap 365 Bloor St East, Toronto, ON, M4W3L4, www.postmedia.com © 2019 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distrbution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Privacy Terms Copyright & Permissions