Monetary establishment panic about Libra is five months in and rising | Windsor Star	 Skip to navigation Skip to content News All News Local News National Election 2019 World Traffic Business All Business Local Business Energy Technology All Technology Gaming Internet Personal Tech Science Space Tech-Biz FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Hockey All Hockey NHL Detroit Red Wings Toronto Maple Leafs Football All Football NFL Detroit Lions CFL Baseball All Baseball Detroit Tigers Basketball All Basketball NBA NCAA Windsor Express Golf Golf Videos Soccer All Soccer International Soccer MLS Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies All Movies Movie Listings Television All Television TV Listings Music All Music NP Music Books Celebrity Life Milestones All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes All Homes Condos Decorating Gardening Renovating Vacation Homes Food All Food Local Food Reviews Recipes From the Vault Health All Health Diet & Fitness Family & Child Men Women Seniors Sexual Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Travel Obits Classifieds All Classifieds Flyercity Celebrating Browse Listings Place a Classifieds Ad Local Directory Careers Driving All Driving News Reviews Car Comparison Buyer’s Guide Subscription |Featured: Windsor International Film Festival Obesity Life After Death Spitfires Dying for a Drink Exit Wounds Election 2019 100 years of Point Pelee Opioid Crisis Windsor Tech Cannabis Help Wanted Anne Jarvis Windsor-Detroit bridge Woofa-Roo 2019 Reader Letters | More Open Search Close Search Search Videos Sign In Sign Out Subscribe Monetary establishment panic about Libra is five months in and rising Here is a brief list of commentary and analysis that blew through the global currency establishment after Facebook announced Libra Terence Corcoran Updated: December 2, 2019 The case for Libra has rattled traditional monetary players. Image getty/photo illustration national post Share Adjust Comment Print For months prior to June 18, 2019, the world’s cryptocurrency blog sites — CoinDesk, Cointelegraph, Blockonomi and CryptocurrencyWire — buzzed with speculation, leaks and crypto-news about Facebook Inc.’s secret plan to launch a digital currency. Few mainstream media outlets tapped into the speculation about the global tech giant’s plan. More importantly, perhaps, was the absence of comment or analysis on the possibility of viable and stable private currencies from the world’s monetary institutions such as the central banks, the International Monetary Fund, the Bank for International Settlements (BIS) and the World Bank. Even the concept of a private currency, in the form of stablecoins, had rarely been even mentioned by the controllers and regulators of the global currency system. Related Facebook is the trigger for a currency revolution that’s long overdue — like it, or not Why Libra passes the money test and bitcoin doesn't For instance, a search of BIS’s web site produced no references to stablecoins until after Facebook’s formal June 18 announcement of its plan to launch Libra by 2020. At the Bank of England, stablecoins were generally dismissed as not so stable. “Time will tell,” a Bank of England blog post said in early 2019, “but it seems unlikely that these algorithmic stablecoins will be replacing national currencies any time soon.” The official atmosphere of aloof dismissiveness evaporated in June. Here is a brief list of stablecoin commentary and analysis that blew through the official and unofficial global currency establishment after Facebook announced Libra. June 30, 2019: The BIS issued an annual report containing a 20-page section on Big Tech in financial services. It noted Facebook’s Libra and others offered benefits and said there is a need to “level the playing field” with uncompetitive banks. July 3, 2019: Economists Markus Brunnermmeier and Harold James said Libra shows that private networks may be created to give access to new and specific units of account to people in many countries. Technology is reviving the 20th century dream of a global monetary system free of the disruptions caused by economic nationalism Economist Harold James July 3, 2019: “Technology is reviving the 20th century dream of a global monetary system free of the disruptions caused by economic nationalism,” economist Harold James wrote. July 11, 2019: Queen’s University economist Thorsten Koeppl commented that Facebook’s Libra shows it is time for central banks to step up. July 15, 2019:The Rise of Digital Money, part of a new IMF series called Fintech Notes, detailed how technology companies are stepping up their competition with large banks and credit card companies. July 18, 2019: G7 finance ministers and central bankers meeting in Chantilly, France, said stablecoins and other various new products currently being developed, including projects with global and potentially systemic footprints such as Libra, raise serious regulatory and systemic concerns. Promises a report later in the year. August 2019: Three economists said the ongoing digital revolution may lead to a radical departure from the traditional model of monetary exchange, which could include unbundling the separate roles of money, thereby creating fiercer competition among specialized currencies. Aug. 11, 2019: A China official said its blockchain digital currency is ready to go. Bank of England Governor Mark Carney said the existing global payments system suffers from “deficiencies” and “malign neglect.” Simon Dawson/Bloomberg Aug. 23, 2019: Bank of England Governor Mark Carney said the existing global payments system suffers from “deficiencies” and “malign neglect.” Global regulators and central banks should look at possibly establishing a “hegemonic” stablecoin. Sept. 4, 2019: U.S. economist Barry Eichengreen said too much is unknown about Facebook’s Libra plan. Sept. 12, 2019: In the wake of Libra, “We may be witnessing a seismic shift in the monetary system,” wrote Dirk Niepelt, an economics professor at the University of Bern. Sept. 12, 2019: France’s finance minister said, “We cannot authorize the development of Libra on European soil.” Sept. 19, 2019: CNBC reported on why regulators and politicians — from the European Central Bank to the French government to Donald Trump — are so worried about Libra. We cannot authorize the development of Libra on European soil France's finance minister September 2019: Canadian economists Jonathan Chiu and Thorsten Koeppl issued a Bank of Canada paper on cryptocurrencies, but do not reference stablecoins. Oct. 2, 2019: Bank of England Financial Policy Summary highlighted Libra as a potential systemically important payments system and encourages the development of alternative solutions to improve the efficiency of domestic and cross-border payments. Oct. 15, 2019: Bank of England governor “defends” Libra plan. Oct. 15, 2019: Deputy governor of the Bank of France delivered a speech and said a “coordinated international approach is necessary to be effective in addressing the issues raised by crypto-assets.” Oct. 17, 2019: Facebook’s Libra is a threat to national sovereignty, France’s Finance Minister Bruno Le Maire wrote. Oct. 18, 2019: Bank of Canada deputy governor Timothy Lane said Libra is “potentially” a new digital currency that could co-exist with central bank money. Mark Zuckerberg testitified at Senatre hearings on Libra. Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images Oct. 23, 2019: Facebook chief executive Mark Zuckerberg appeared before the U.S. House Committee on Financial Services. Oct. 23, 2019: House committee chair Maxine Waters suggested Facebook should be broken up rather than be allowed to expand into currencies. October 2019: Report commissioned in July by G7 finance ministers warns that Libra is a currency threat on myriad fronts. https://www.bis.org/cpmi/publ/d187.pdf Nov. 6, 2019: News report indicated the EU is considering launching its own digital currency to rival Libra. Nov. 8, 2019: U.S. Federal Trade official said U.S. Federal Reserve should launch FedNow, a digital competitor to Libra. Nov. 15, 2019: Despite criticisms, Libra claims “Five months and growing strong.” Financial Post Vigil walk and red ribbons mark World AIDS Day in Windsor This Week's Flyers Comments Postmedia is pleased to bring you a new commenting experience. We are committed to maintaining a lively but civil forum for discussion and encourage all readers to share their views on our articles. Comments may take up to an hour for moderation before appearing on the site. We ask you to keep your comments relevant and respectful. Visit our Community Guidelines for more information. Sign in to Comment Connect With Us Close Daily Headline News Thank you for subscribing to Postmedia's Newsletter. Email By clicking "Submit", I consent to receiving the above communication from Postmedia Network Inc. I understand that I may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. Submit Weather Weather Currently Feels Like We want you to have the most accurate weather report you can. Please enter a valid postal code Traffic News Releases Promoted by Business Wire P&G 2019 Citizenship Report Highlights Commitment to Community Impact, Gender Equality, Diversity & Inclusion and ... Roxgold Intersects 19.73 gpt Over 23 Metres in Ancien at Ségéula Gold Project SES and Luxembourg Government Renew Orbital Concession, Establish New Fund for Space Sector Investor Tej Kohli Expands 'Venture Philanthropy' Into 3d-printed Bionic Arms More News Releases Share this story Monetary establishment panic about Libra is five months in and rising Facebook Twitter Reddit Email Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn News All News Local News National World Traffic Business All Business Local Business Energy Technology FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Hockey Football Baseball Basketball Golf Soccer Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies Television Music Books Celebrity Life Milestones All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes Food From the Vault Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Travel 365 Bloor St East, Toronto, ON, M4W3L4, www.postmedia.com © 2019 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Classifieds Obits Careers Browse Classifieds Place a Classified Ad Celebrating Driving FlyerCity Local Directory Legal Privacy – Updated Terms Copyright & Permissions Digital Ad Registry Services Advertise With Us Subscribe My Subscription Edit Profile Contact ePaper Digital Access Contests Partnerships Properties Calgary Herald Canada.com Edmonton Journal London Free Press Montreal Gazette National Post Ottawa Citizen Leader-Post (Regina) The StarPhoenix (Saskatoon) The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun