Montana Homes’ show home boasts wide open spaces in Brighton | Saskatoon StarPhoenix	 Skip to navigation Skip to content News All News Local News Saskatchewan Politics Election 2019 National World Business All Business Local Business Energy Mining Mortgages Money Technology All Technology Gaming Internet Personal Tech Science Space Tech-Biz FP Markets Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Local Sports All Local Sports U of S Huskies Saskatoon Hilltops Hockey All Hockey NHL Saskatoon Blades Football All Football CFL Saskatchewan Roughriders NFL Baseball Basketball All Basketball NBA NCAA Golf Golf Videos Soccer All Soccer International Soccer MLS MMA Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies Television All Television TV Listings Music All Music NP Music Books Celebrity Life All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes All Homes Buying & Selling Condos Decorating Gardening Renovating Vacation Homes Living Spaces Food All Food Local Food Reviews Recipes Health All Health Diet & Fitness Family & Child Men Women Seniors Sexual Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Festivals Travel Bridges Puzzles & Comics Obits Classifieds All Classifieds Flyercity Celebrating Browse Listings Place a Classifieds Ad Local Directory Careers Driving All Driving News Reviews Car Comparison Buyer’s Guide Subscription Life Homes Buying & Selling Condos Decorating Gardening Renovating Vacation Homes Living Spaces |Featured: StarPhoenix Sporting Christmas Canada's growing obesity crisis TheGrowthOp: Cannabis in Canada Saskatchewan Rush New Faces Election 2019 Cannabis Broncos bus crash Videos The Royals Follow the Money People Project Spotlight | More Open Search Close Search Search Videos Sign In Sign Out Subscribe Montana Homes' show home boasts wide open spaces in Brighton The Prairiehaven model has options — the walk-in pantry can be transformed into a butler's pantry and the study can become a dining room. Jennifer Jacoby-Smith Updated: November 30, 2019 Share Adjust Comment Print At 1976 square feet, the two-storey Prairiehaven model by Montana Homes offers lots of living space for the modern family, and it’s evident right from the moment you first walk through the door. The show home, located at 618 McFaull Crescent in Brighton, offers a spacious foyer tiled in ivory, to greet visitors. Off to the right are the main floor laundry room and a powder room for guests. The great room, dining room, and kitchen are open concept. The kitchen boasts a large island and contemporary cabinetry. On the second level, the homeowner’s suite is really like the crowning jewel of the floor plan. It’s a sprawling space at the front of the house measuring over 16-feet and a half feet by 13-feet. Add in an oversized ensuite with a large corner soaker tub and a shower, plus a walk-in closet and the homeowner’s bedroom becomes a true retreat. There’s room for a reading chair and bookshelf, or a desk, or a lounger. The two extra bedrooms offer ample space for a growing family, and the bonus room can serve as a television room, playroom, office, or even a third bedroom if needed. Of course, if you want to add some drama to the floor plan, the living room on the main level can be vaulted to be two storeys high. The upstairs bonus room becomes the vaulted space and is bordered by a railing. It is one of many ways the Prairiehaven model can be customized to suit the needs of the buyers. “We have a quite a few people who are interested in building it their own way,” notes Montana sales representative Irene Segurado. For example, the large walk-in pantry in the kitchen can be transformed into a butler’s pantry. And the study on the main level could also become a formal dining room for hosting dinner parties or the space could be used as an office for a home-based business. “You also have the option to make it into an office that is separate from the rest of the living space,” says Segurado. “It’s easy to close off the space with a door or a barn door.” Located in Brighton — one of Saskatoon’s newest neighbourhoods — buyers will enjoy easy access to a host of new commercial developments, including Wilson’s Lifestyle Centre, Landmark Cinemas, The Keg, and 7-11. Other retailers to open soon include Motion Fitness, Shoppers Drug Mart, Save On Foods, Tim Hortons, Pet Value, and more. This particular location has back alley access to the backyard for storing recreational vehicles. It is also just across the road from a playground and park. The show home is open from 4 to 8 p.m. Monday through Thursday, and then Saturday and Sunday from noon to 5 p.m. Fridays are by appointment only. To schedule your own private viewing call Irene Segurado at 306-881-6570. jjacobysmith@postmedia.com Saskatoon home prices, sales to stabilize, but risks remain: CMHC This Week's Flyers Comments Postmedia is pleased to bring you a new commenting experience. We are committed to maintaining a lively but civil forum for discussion and encourage all readers to share their views on our articles. Comments may take up to an hour for moderation before appearing on the site. We ask you to keep your comments relevant and respectful. Visit our Community Guidelines for more information. Sign in to Comment Connect With Us Business of Health This section was created by Content Works, Postmedia’s commercial content division, on behalf of an Innovative Medicines Canada company. x Sponsored by an Innovative Medicines Canada company Sponsored: How innovative therapies offer hope for cancer sufferers Sponsored: a preventative lifeline throughout history Sponsored: Protecting Canadians’ access to medicine Sponsored: She was diagnosed with Stage 4 cancer on Mother’s Day Don't Miss Arts Crime Bill Cosby rails against mainstream media in Thanksgiving Twitter rant Music Alanis Morissette reveals 'Jagged Little Pill' 25th anniversary tour dates Celebrity Billy Dee Williams says he's gender fluid, sees himself as 'feminine as well as masculine' Suit Yourself Sponsored by INDOCHINO The spring trifecta: Three ways to diversify your suit collection Groom finds perfectly fitting wedding suit at a great price Whether online or brick and mortar, Indochino CEO Drew Green sees customization and personality as ... 5 Simple Steps To Take Care of Your Suit Share this story Montana Homes' show home boasts wide open spaces in Brighton Facebook Twitter Reddit Email Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn News All News Local News Saskatchewan Politics National World Business All Business Local Business Energy Mining Mortgages Money Technology FP Markets Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Local Sports Hockey Football Baseball Basketball Golf Soccer MMA Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies Television Music Books Celebrity Life All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes Food Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Festivals Travel Bridges Puzzles & Comics 365 Bloor St East, Toronto, ON, M4W3L4, www.postmedia.com © 2019 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Classifieds Obits Careers Browse Classifieds Place an Ad Driving FlyerCity Local Directory Legal Privacy – Updated Terms Copyright Digital Ad Registry Services Advertise With Us Subscribe My Subscription Edit Profile Contact ePaper Digital Access Contests NIE Properties Calgary Herald Canada.com Edmonton Journal London Free Press Montreal Gazette National Post Ottawa Citizen Leader-Post (Regina) The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun Windsor Star