Next phase launched in effort to save historic Assumption Church | Windsor Star	 Skip to navigation Skip to content News All News Local News National Election 2019 World Traffic Business All Business Local Business Energy Technology All Technology Gaming Internet Personal Tech Science Space Tech-Biz FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Hockey All Hockey NHL Detroit Red Wings Toronto Maple Leafs Football All Football NFL Detroit Lions CFL Baseball All Baseball Detroit Tigers Basketball All Basketball NBA NCAA Windsor Express Golf Golf Videos Soccer All Soccer International Soccer MLS Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies All Movies Movie Listings Television All Television TV Listings Music All Music NP Music Books Celebrity Life Milestones All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes All Homes Condos Decorating Gardening Renovating Vacation Homes Food All Food Local Food Reviews Recipes From the Vault Health All Health Diet & Fitness Family & Child Men Women Seniors Sexual Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Travel Obits Classifieds All Classifieds Flyercity Celebrating Browse Listings Place a Classifieds Ad Local Directory Careers Driving All Driving News Reviews Car Comparison Buyer’s Guide Subscription News Local News |Featured: Windsor International Film Festival Obesity Life After Death Spitfires Dying for a Drink Exit Wounds Election 2019 100 years of Point Pelee Opioid Crisis Windsor Tech Cannabis Help Wanted Anne Jarvis Windsor-Detroit bridge Woofa-Roo 2019 Reader Letters | More Open Search Close Search Search Videos Sign In Sign Out Subscribe Next phase launched in ongoing effort to save historic Assumption Church Dave Battagello, Windsor Star Updated: November 30, 2019 The next phase in the historic landmark rescue mission is being launched. Lawyer Paul Mullins speaks to reporters during a news conference on Friday, Nov. 29, 2019, at Assumption Church in Windsor. Dan Janisse / Windsor Star Share Adjust Comment Print With the doors reopened, heat turned on and weekend mass back in place for parishioners at 174-year-old Assumption Church, the focus has shifted to the next phase of renovations needed to save the historic Windsor landmark. An update was provided Friday by local lawyer Paul Mullins — who is leading efforts to save the church — on funds spent to date under the first $1.6-million phase of renovations which featured a new 100-year copper roof, asbestos removal and installation of a new heating system. That initial work allowed the church to reopen its doors in late September and resume religious mass after being closed for nearly five years since November 2014 due to safety concerns. While the church is open, its long-term fate is not guaranteed unless the next phase of renovations gets completed. Most important is repairing crumbling plaster on the interior ceiling and walls, much of it dating back to when the church opened in 1845. Without completing those repairs, a threat remains the plaster will continue to crumble and again soon make the church unsafe for use. Mullins detailed how the next repair phase will include restoring the painted murals that adorn the ceiling and walls of the church. But the full cost to complete the next phase of plaster and mural restoration ranges between $3.5 million to $4 million, he said. Given the hefty price tag, Mullins said a decision was made to instead launch initial plaster repair work on the church interior’s east aisle — an area where its most needed — which carries a $1.45-million price tag. Paul Mullins displays stars during a news conference on Friday inside Assumption Church. The stars will be sold as part of a fundraising effort for ongoing restoration work at the historic church. Dan Janisse / Windsor Star Since the first phase of repairs ended up significantly under budget, there remains $1 million in hand to help with ceiling plaster and mural repair, but that won’t start until another $450,000 has been secured. “We are hopeful to have that money raised and start work by Easter,” Mullins said. Both the City of Windsor’s heritage committee and Ontario Heritage Trust Fund are being approached for funding support with the rest hopefully to come from private donations in order to achieve the next $450,000 goal, he said. New fundraising campaigns are also being launched, including replica stars for each donation of at least $1,000 — the stars are duplicates of those embedded in the church’s plaster ceiling. Also something of note that was revealed Friday — workers recently conducting asbestos removal underneath the church discovered human bones, the suspected remains of four pastors and one nun interred under the church. Related Assumption Church reopens to large crowds Restoration to begin at historic Assumption Church — hopes high for fall reopening 'Incredibly important.' Local architects contribute to effort to save Assumption Church Iconic Assumption Church worth saving, but needs $20M, report says The discovery was not a surprise as a plaque on the church’s east wall pays tribute to those buried under the church. They include Rev. Pierre-Philippe Potier (1700–1781), who was the first pastor of Assumption Parish and Sr. Marie-Clotilde Raizenne (1766–1829), a nun who established the first school for girls at the parish. “It’s all a dirt floor with service tunnel access down there,” Mullins said. “During asbestos removal, we ran into a couple of bones. Nothing was marked or identified. As soon as they were discovered we left them in place and we encased them with the membrane being put under the church. “We don’t know who we encountered. We assume it was one of four recognized priests and nun tied to the church. Since they died before the building was built we assume they were interred in former (parish) churches and moved here, but don’t have evidence of that. It certainly is another interesting part of the history of this church.” For more information on renovations or fundraising efforts at Assumption Church, visit online at assumptionparish.ca or call 519-253-2493. dbattagello@postmedia.com Golden stars like these will be sold as part of a fundraising effort for ongoing restoration work at the historic church. Dan Janisse / Windsor Star Flood watch issued for Windsor-Essex Climate change fight offers opportunities for municipalities, symposium hears This Week's Flyers Comments Postmedia is pleased to bring you a new commenting experience. We are committed to maintaining a lively but civil forum for discussion and encourage all readers to share their views on our articles. Comments may take up to an hour for moderation before appearing on the site. We ask you to keep your comments relevant and respectful. Visit our Community Guidelines for more information. Sign in to Comment Connect With Us Weather Weather Currently Feels Like We want you to have the most accurate weather report you can. Please enter a valid postal code Latest National News World Fishmongers Hall exec details how employee and patrons fought knife-wielding London terrorist World 'Sweating all over me': BBC to air interview with Virginia Giuffre, who says she was ... World Ex-FBI lawyer Lisa Page says Trump's 'demeaning fake orgasm' was the last straw Close Daily Headline News Thank you for subscribing to Postmedia's Newsletter. Email By clicking "Submit", I consent to receiving the above communication from Postmedia Network Inc. I understand that I may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. Submit Most Read Kid Rock opens up about foul-mouthed Oprah Winfrey rant | Windsor Star Pussycat Dolls’ raunchy ‘nearly naked’ reunion sparks 400 complaints | Windsor Star Windsor woman dies in Chatham-Kent crash | Windsor Star Man gets house arrest for defrauding employer of almost $1 million | Windsor Star Traffic Share this story Next phase launched in ongoing effort to save historic Assumption Church Facebook Twitter Reddit Email Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn News All News Local News National World Traffic Business All Business Local Business Energy Technology FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Hockey Football Baseball Basketball Golf Soccer Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies Television Music Books Celebrity Life Milestones All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes Food From the Vault Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Travel 365 Bloor St East, Toronto, ON, M4W3L4, www.postmedia.com © 2019 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Classifieds Obits Careers Browse Classifieds Place a Classified Ad Celebrating Driving FlyerCity Local Directory Legal Privacy – Updated Terms Copyright & Permissions Digital Ad Registry Services Advertise With Us Subscribe My Subscription Edit Profile Contact ePaper Digital Access Contests Partnerships Properties Calgary Herald Canada.com Edmonton Journal London Free Press Montreal Gazette National Post Ottawa Citizen Leader-Post (Regina) The StarPhoenix (Saskatoon) The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun