Nurses group launches petition to get Windsor police to carry naloxone | Windsor Star	 Skip to navigation Skip to content News All News Local News National Election 2019 World Traffic Business All Business Local Business Energy Technology All Technology Gaming Internet Personal Tech Science Space Tech-Biz FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Hockey All Hockey NHL Detroit Red Wings Toronto Maple Leafs Football All Football NFL Detroit Lions CFL Baseball All Baseball Detroit Tigers Basketball All Basketball NBA NCAA Windsor Express Golf Golf Videos Soccer All Soccer International Soccer MLS Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies All Movies Movie Listings Television All Television TV Listings Music All Music NP Music Books Celebrity Life Milestones All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes All Homes Condos Decorating Gardening Renovating Vacation Homes Food All Food Local Food Reviews Recipes From the Vault Health All Health Diet & Fitness Family & Child Men Women Seniors Sexual Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Travel Obits Classifieds All Classifieds Flyercity Celebrating Browse Listings Place a Classifieds Ad Local Directory Careers Driving All Driving News Reviews Car Comparison Buyer’s Guide Subscription News Local News |Featured: Windsor International Film Festival Obesity Life After Death Spitfires Dying for a Drink Exit Wounds Election 2019 100 years of Point Pelee Opioid Crisis Windsor Tech Cannabis Help Wanted Anne Jarvis Windsor-Detroit bridge Woofa-Roo 2019 Reader Letters | More Open Search Close Search Search Videos Sign In Sign Out Subscribe Ontario nurses group launches petition to get Windsor police to carry naloxone Trevor Wilhelm Updated: November 30, 2019 Registered Nurses' Association of Ontario CEO Doris Grinspun is shown Nov. 12, 2019, during a visit to the University of Windsor's Toldo Health Education Centre. Nick Brancaccio / Windsor Star Share Adjust Comment Print Ontario’s registered nurses are ramping up pressure on Windsor police Chief Pam Mizuno to equip her officers with the antidote for opioid overdoses in the midst of a “public health crisis.” The Registered Nurses’ Association of Ontario’s petition comes after CEO Doris Grinspun’s insistence this month while visiting Windsor that it’s time for local police to start carrying naloxone. Her initial comments triggered a minor public spat with Mayor Drew Dilkens, who also chairs the Windsor Police Services Board. The petition calls for Mizuno to ensure officers receive training in the use of naloxone, and that they carry it while on the job. It also pushes the city to open a safe consumption site for drug users in the hopes of preventing overdoses. Grinspun, noting her association has been lobbying Windsor and its police service on this issue for a year, said Friday that the chief and the mayor should be ashamed of themselves for not acting. “I absolutely say shame because it’s peoples’ lives,” she said. “It’s people in your community. Every other community is using naloxone except for Windsor. “So, I’m saying it’s absolutely outrageous. More than just shame, it’s outrageous.” “Windsor can decide to ignore the issue as if it’s not happening. Or your mayor, which I’m sure wants to save lives, and the police chief, which I’m sure wants to save lives, can move on with naloxone and then also with a consumption service.” Mizuno would not comment on the issue Friday. “Chief Mizuno has already spoken publicly regarding the topic of Naloxone, and that position remains,” police spokesman Sgt. Steve Betteridge said in an email. Dilkens did not return the Star’s call asking for comment. The nurses’ petition, listed as an action alert on the RNAO’s website, is titled “Demand an end to overdose deaths in Windsor.” It’s better so you do it in a supervised way, and not the way you do it in Windsor Grinspun said Friday more than 1,000 people had already signed the petition in a couple of weeks. Its preamble states Windsor’s public health unit issued three alerts for “high overdose-related emergency department visits” in the first two weeks of November. The petition mentions Mizuno by name: “I encourage you to urge Windsor Police Chief, Pam Mizuno, to a) ensure her workforce carries and is trained to use naloxone, and b) demand a Consumption and Treatment Service site for Windsor. ” The RNAO also points out that Windsor is the only major city left in Ontario where officers don’t carry naloxone. The association explains that, in 2018, 51 people in Windsor/Essex County died from opioid-related overdoses. Another 22 people died in the first three months of 2019, double the number from the same period last year. Grinspun said a safe consumption site would make things safer for everyone. “The syringes are in your yards and your parks, and behind houses and everywhere in the street,” she said. “To have a consumption service, it’s better so you do it in a supervised way, and not the way you do it in Windsor.” Former police chief Al Frederick, who retired at the end of June, was opposed to creating safe consumption sites and allowing officers to carry naloxone. Mizuno has said she’s not going to change Frederick’s direction. But the union representing officers wants its members to carry naloxone. “The association has been in favour of naloxone kits for our members, to protect our members from potential exposures,” said Const. Jason DeJong, president of the Windsor Police Association. “We think it is a good tool for health and safety.” There is the potential that police officers with naloxone could also save civilian lives, he said, but the direction needs to come from management. “Ultimately, we understand that it can also save lives in the community, and that is part of our mandate in policing,” said DeJong. Grinspun said it’s a life-and-death issue. During a Windsor visit earlier this month to meet with nurses, she drew the mayor’s ire with public comments that Windsor police must join the rest of Ontario and start carrying naloxone. “I appreciate the head of nurses from Toronto informing us on what we should be doing in Windsor,” Dilkens told reporters following Grinspun’s visit. “But I like to make decisions based on data. There is nothing presented to me that shows arming our officers with naloxone is the right thing to do.” The head of the nurses’ association shot back with a letter to the Star’s editor stating that nurses urge Dilkens to “follow the evidence and leave ideology aside.” Related Time for Windsor police to carry naloxone, nursing leader says Data does not support need for police to carry naloxone, Dilkens says Hotel-Dieu Grace trains staff on use of naloxone kits Grinspun kept on the offensive Friday, saying she’s not worried about upsetting the mayor. “I’m doing it for the people that are about to lose their lives in the streets of Windsor,” she said. “It’s about time to move because saving lives is important whether it’s a heart attack or an overdose. All of those are diseases.” “The evidence is clear on this. It’s time the mayor moved. No one understands this. Everyone says he’s a good mayor. I don’t know your mayor. All I know is it’s an issue that is critical to save lives. He is choosing not to act.” twilhelm@postmedia.com twitter.com/WinStarWilhelm Local home sale prices expected to make another big hike in... Catholic board developing policy on service animals in the classroom This Week's Flyers Comments Postmedia is pleased to bring you a new commenting experience. We are committed to maintaining a lively but civil forum for discussion and encourage all readers to share their views on our articles. Comments may take up to an hour for moderation before appearing on the site. We ask you to keep your comments relevant and respectful. Visit our Community Guidelines for more information. Sign in to Comment Connect With Us Weather Weather Currently Feels Like We want you to have the most accurate weather report you can. Please enter a valid postal code Latest National News World Ex-FBI lawyer Lisa Page says Trump's 'demeaning fake orgasm' was the last straw World Fishmongers Hall exec details how employee, patrons confronted knife-wielding London terrorist World 'Sweating all over me': BBC to air interview with Virginia Giuffre, who says she was ... Close Daily Headline News Thank you for subscribing to Postmedia's Newsletter. Email By clicking "Submit", I consent to receiving the above communication from Postmedia Network Inc. I understand that I may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. Submit Most Read Windsor woman dies in Chatham-Kent crash | Windsor Star Kid Rock opens up about foul-mouthed Oprah Winfrey rant | Windsor Star Reader letter: Most people are doing nothing about climate change | Windsor Star Pussycat Dolls’ raunchy ‘nearly naked’ reunion sparks 400 complaints | Windsor Star Traffic Share this story Ontario nurses group launches petition to get Windsor police to carry naloxone Facebook Twitter Reddit Email Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn News All News Local News National World Traffic Business All Business Local Business Energy Technology FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Hockey Football Baseball Basketball Golf Soccer Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies Television Music Books Celebrity Life Milestones All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes Food From the Vault Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Travel 365 Bloor St East, Toronto, ON, M4W3L4, www.postmedia.com © 2019 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Classifieds Obits Careers Browse Classifieds Place a Classified Ad Celebrating Driving FlyerCity Local Directory Legal Privacy – Updated Terms Copyright & Permissions Digital Ad Registry Services Advertise With Us Subscribe My Subscription Edit Profile Contact ePaper Digital Access Contests Partnerships Properties Calgary Herald Canada.com Edmonton Journal London Free Press Montreal Gazette National Post Ottawa Citizen Leader-Post (Regina) The StarPhoenix (Saskatoon) The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun