Ohio bill would make doctors ‘reimplant’ ectopic pregnancies (which is impossible) or face ‘abortion murder’ charges | National Post		 Sign In Subscribe Search NationalPost.com ... News All News National World Toronto Politics Full Comment Sports All Sports NHL All NHL Vancouver Canucks Calgary Flames Edmonton Oilers Winnipeg Jets Toronto Maple Leafs Ottawa Senators Montreal Canadiens Baseball Basketball NBA NCAA Football CFL NFL Soccer Golf Golf Videos Tennis Culture All Culture Books Celebrity Movies Music Theatre Television Life All Life Health Homes Eating & Drinking Style Travel Life By Design Parenting Holiday Gift Guides More Horoscopes Jobs Classifieds Obituaries Flyercity Local Directory Driving Subscribe Financial Post Video Ohio bill would make doctors 'reimplant' ectopic pregnancies (which is impossible) or face 'abortion murder' charges The procedure literally cannot be done Pro-life activists gather outside the U.S. Supreme Court June 26, 2014 in Washington, DC. Win McNamee/Getty Images National Post Staff November 29, 2019 4:14 PM EST Filed under News World Comment Facebook Twitter Reddit Email More Share this story Ohio bill would make doctors 'reimplant' ectopic pregnancies (which is impossible) or face 'abortion murder' charges Tumblr Pinterest Google+ LinkedIn Ohio is currently mulling a new abortion bill proposed by Republican senators, House Bill 413, which would force doctors to “reimplant an ectopic pregnancy” into the uterus of a woman who suffered from the complication. This procedure is technically impossible, but if the doctor doesn’t perform it, the new bill states, they would face a charge of “abortion murder” the Guardian reports. In an ectopic pregnancy, a complication which sees the embryo attach outside of the uterus, a woman can die if the tissue is allowed to continue growing. On its website, the Mayo Clinic says of the complication: “An ectopic pregnancy can’t proceed normally. The fertilized egg can’t survive, and the growing tissue may cause life-threatening bleeding, if left untreated.” The Guardian reports that obstetricians and gynaecologists in the state are now reminding the state’s legislators that the procedure is a medical impossibility. In the U.S., certain Republican-led states have in recent times passed new, more strict abortion laws, in the ultimate hope that the U.S. Supreme Court will eventually overturn the 1973 Roe v. Wade ruling. Roe v. Wade deemed that American women are at liberty to have abortions without government interference. The Washington Post previously reported that the new Ohio bill, sponsored by two Republican Ohio lawmakers, State Reps. Ron Hood and Candice Keller, would end abortion completely in the state. One pro-choice advocate told the outlet it would “strip every person who can get pregnant of their bodily autonomy.” Among the bill’s features are that it would legally recognize unborn foetuses as people, the Post reported, citing a release from the Right to Life Action Coalition of Ohio. The release says that those who perform abortions would be “subject to already existing murder statutes.” In reading through all the comments: Condolences to those who have had ectopics for whom HB413 may be particularly painful. Thank you for speaking out. In addition to being bizarre, misogynistic & misinformed, “ectopic re-implantation” legislation is profoundly insensitive— David N Hackney MD, FACOG (@DavidNHackney) November 23, 2019 One doctor, David N. Hackney of Pittsburgh, tweeted: “The new Ohio HB413, p.184: To avoid criminal charges, including murder, for abortion, a physician must “…(attempt to) reimplant an ectopic pregnancy into the women’s uterus.” “I don’t believe I’m typing this again but, that’s impossible,” he wrote. “We’ll all be going to jail.” “Condolences to those who have had ectopics for whom HB413 may be particularly painful. Thank you for speaking out. In addition to being bizarre, misogynistic & misinformed, ‘ectopic re-implantation’ legislation is profoundly insensitive.” The Post reports that the bill would seek to defend those who help police to “investigate abortions.” Hood, one of the bill’s backers, said in a statement to the Post: “Up until this point, legislators have only regulated abortion. They have decided which classes of people have a Right to Life by creating exceptions to abortion, which is tantamount to creating exceptions to pre-meditated murder.” Comments Join the conversation → Share your feedback We want to improve your reading experience Take our 60-second survey Top News Videos WatchThe Dark North podcast: How the Rizzuto family, Hells Angels conquered Montreal Unlikely NDP star candidate Ruth Ellen Brosseau fights to hang on to party toehold in Quebec WatchQuebec school board that rejected Bill 21 will implement it this September WatchOka asks Ottawa to freeze Mohawk land deal, send RCMP to Kanesatake Close Daily Headline News Thank you for subscribing to Postmedia's Newsletter. Email By clicking "Submit", I consent to receiving the above communication from Postmedia Network Inc. I understand that I may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. Submit World Ex-FBI lawyer Lisa Page says Trump's 'demeaning fake orgasm' was the last straw Seven words in a 3.5-hour movie: De Niro defends Anna Paquin’s role in ‘The Irishman’ Two members leave Nobel literature committee, criticizing Swedish Academy for taking 'too long' with reforms The girl in the photo: BBC to air interview with Virginia Giuffre, who says she was forced to have sex with Prince Andrew Six rescue attempts failed to free him, says former Taliban hostage Timothy Weeks Twenty dead, including four cops, as Mexican cartel riding in skull-decorated trucks attacks town Malta's leader to quit as scrutiny heightens over reporter's murder Impeachment process shifts to House Judiciary Committee but Trump won't be there Man who helped thwart London terror attack with a narwhal tusk hailed as hero Disgraced Prince Andrew retains Canadian military roles Boris Johnson and Jeremy Corbyn trade blame over early release of London Bridge attacker Man who stabbed two people to death on London Bridge had previous terror convictions Top Stories WatchHow Alberta completely eradicated rats from the province by declaring war on rodent hordes The result is that Alberta is a magical land where rats never destroy vegetable gardens and nobody gets diseased from rat droppings in their attic WatchBeyond Jordan Peterson: A National Post investigation into the state of free speech on campuses Is free speech under threat on university campuses today? Are governments right to intervene? Canada's cocaine cowboys: How a two-year RCMP sting led all the way to Mexican kingpin El Chapo A blood-soaked trail of interconnected traffickers and deals ran from the RCMP's Operation Harrington to the Sinaloa Cartel Everything you need to know about the flu, its symptoms and how to prevent it A common misconception is that influenza is the same as the stomach flu, but while influenza can lead to vomiting and diarrhoea, these are uncommon symptoms This Week's Flyers Comments Postmedia is pleased to bring you a new commenting experience. We are committed to maintaining a lively but civil forum for discussion and encourage all readers to share their views on our articles. We ask you to keep your comments relevant and respectful. Visit our community guidelines for more information. Sign in to Comment Classifieds Remembering Celebrating Classifieds Marketplace Careers FlyerCity Post a Classifieds ad Local Directory Advertise with Us Partnerships Appointment Notice Solutions Resources Content Works Sales Directory About Us My Account Subscriber Self-Serve ePaper Contact Us Stay Connected © 2019 National Post, a division of Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP 365 Bloor St East, Toronto, ON, M4W3L4, www.postmedia.com Privacy - Updated Terms Copyright Digital Ad Registry Site Map Contact Us