One dead, many injured in Kingston Highway 401 snowstorm pileup | National Post		 Sign In Subscribe Search NationalPost.com ... News All News National World Toronto Politics Full Comment Sports All Sports NHL All NHL Vancouver Canucks Calgary Flames Edmonton Oilers Winnipeg Jets Toronto Maple Leafs Ottawa Senators Montreal Canadiens Baseball Basketball NBA NCAA Football CFL NFL Soccer Golf Golf Videos Tennis Culture All Culture Books Celebrity Movies Music Theatre Television Life All Life Health Homes Eating & Drinking Style Travel Life By Design Parenting Holiday Gift Guides More Horoscopes Jobs Classifieds Obituaries Flyercity Local Directory Driving Subscribe Financial Post Video One dead, many injured in Kingston Highway 401 snowstorm pileup Ontario Provincial Police are estimating 30 to 40 vehicles and big-rig trucks were involved A pileup on Highway 401 westbound between Montreal Street and Highway 15 in Kingston on Sunday night, Dec. 1, 2019 involved an estimated 30 to 40 vehicles, killing one person and injuring others. Meghan Balogh/The Whig-Standard/Postmedia Network Postmedia News and The Canadian Press December 2, 2019 9:03 AM EST Filed under News Canada Comment Facebook Twitter Reddit Email More Share this story One dead, many injured in Kingston Highway 401 snowstorm pileup Tumblr Pinterest Google+ LinkedIn One person is dead and multiple injured following a massive pileup on Highway 401 on Sunday afternoon. Ontario Provincial Police are estimating 30 to 40 vehicles and big-rig trucks were involved in a pileup during a snowstorm just east of Kingston, in the westbound lanes between the Montreal St. and Highway 15 exits. One person died at the scene and provincial police said 15 to 20 others were taken to hospital, most with non life-threatening injuries. Southern Ontario was battered yesterday by a mix of freezing rain, ice pellets and snow that caused traffic chaos and left thousands without power. After the crash, stranded motorists were transported off the highway on Kingston city buses, leaving their vehicles until the investigation at the collision scene was concluded, OPP Const. Curtis Dick said on Sunday shortly before 5:30 p.m. #Hwy401 wb lanes near #Hwy15 at @cityofkingston. Wb lanes will be closed for several hours for investigation, vehicle removal and cleanup. Follow @OPP_COMM_ER and @511ONEastern for updates this and other #ONHwys issues. Pls do not call 911 or OPP for road info. #ONStorm ^bd pic.twitter.com/ize1bgR34h— OPP East (@OPP_ER) December 2, 2019 The city of Kingston and the Red Cross were co-ordinating to find places for people, whose vehicles were stuck on the highway, to spend several hours, or even the entire night. “It’s going to be a long haul,” Dick said. “Kingston city transit is moving people to an activated emergency warming centre at Rideau Heights Community Centre.” A pileup on Highway 401 westbound between Montreal Street and Highway 15 in Kingston on Sunday night, Dec. 1, 2019 involved an estimated 30 to 40 vehicles, killing one person and injuring others. Meghan Balogh/The Whig-Standard/Postmedia Network “We can’t get them off right now,” Dick said. “It’ll be hours by the time we get the crash cleaned up.” It was unknown by that point when the highway would be cleared. Another crash killed a 24-year-old woman in the Niagara region and approximately 400 crashes were reported in the Greater Toronto Area. With more snow having arrived overnight Monday, and more in the forecast, commuters in the Greater Toronto and Hamilton areas and as far east as Kingston may want to give themselves a little extra time to get around. Environment Canada says the light snow and flurries should taper off by noon, but until then many roads are likely to be slippery. Some communities have cancelled their Santa Claus parades due to safety concerns — including in Mississauga, Burlington, a small Hamilton community and a small Waterloo community. Comments Join the conversation → Election 2019 WatchWas the federal election a case of the right product but the wrong packaging for Conservatives? WatchConrad Black: Trudeau's hollow victory leaves the real issues facing this country unresolved Rex Murphy: This mess of an election has definitely changed the climate in the West Watch'This isn’t just anger': Seven prominent voices assess the post-election mood out West Share your feedback We want to improve your reading experience Take our 60-second survey Close Daily Headline News Thank you for subscribing to Postmedia's Newsletter. Email By clicking "Submit", I consent to receiving the above communication from Postmedia Network Inc. I understand that I may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. Submit Canada Huawei's Meng Wanzhou thanks supporters for 'warmth' and 'kindness' on first anniversary of arrest Ontario introduces bill that would protect farmers from animal rights activists, raise trespassing fines 'The bugs were so thick around my head because of the blood': What it's like to survive a plane crash Kenney's party shows up united and affable in first gathering since landslide victory 'Going to be a bleak winter': B.C. forest industry facing uncertain future as mills close across province N.L. farmers complain that they're losing 'thousands of dollars' of crop to hungry moose Council consensus: what premiers are hoping for out of Monday's meeting Ottawa puts out call for help to restore Fraser river after landslide endangers salmon population 'Your routine is out the window': What it's like to get traded 'It still came as a real emotional punch': What it's like to lose an election Tory deputy leader apologizes for comparing Pride, St. Patrick's Day parades Death of a deli: Yitz's latest casualty in Toronto's race to bury its culinary past Top Stories WatchHow Alberta completely eradicated rats from the province by declaring war on rodent hordes The result is that Alberta is a magical land where rats never destroy vegetable gardens and nobody gets diseased from rat droppings in their attic WatchBeyond Jordan Peterson: A National Post investigation into the state of free speech on campuses Is free speech under threat on university campuses today? Are governments right to intervene? Canada's cocaine cowboys: How a two-year RCMP sting led all the way to Mexican kingpin El Chapo A blood-soaked trail of interconnected traffickers and deals ran from the RCMP's Operation Harrington to the Sinaloa Cartel Everything you need to know about the flu, its symptoms and how to prevent it A common misconception is that influenza is the same as the stomach flu, but while influenza can lead to vomiting and diarrhoea, these are uncommon symptoms This Week's Flyers Comments Postmedia is pleased to bring you a new commenting experience. We are committed to maintaining a lively but civil forum for discussion and encourage all readers to share their views on our articles. We ask you to keep your comments relevant and respectful. Visit our community guidelines for more information. Sign in to Comment Classifieds Remembering Celebrating Classifieds Marketplace Careers FlyerCity Post a Classifieds ad Local Directory Advertise with Us Partnerships Appointment Notice Solutions Resources Content Works Sales Directory About Us My Account Subscriber Self-Serve ePaper Contact Us Stay Connected © 2019 National Post, a division of Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP 365 Bloor St East, Toronto, ON, M4W3L4, www.postmedia.com Privacy - Updated Terms Copyright Digital Ad Registry Site Map Contact Us