Ontario auditor general to assess PC climate change plan | Windsor Star	 Skip to navigation Skip to content News All News Local News National Election 2019 World Traffic Business All Business Local Business Energy Technology All Technology Gaming Internet Personal Tech Science Space Tech-Biz FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Hockey All Hockey NHL Detroit Red Wings Toronto Maple Leafs Football All Football NFL Detroit Lions CFL Baseball All Baseball Detroit Tigers Basketball All Basketball NBA NCAA Windsor Express Golf Golf Videos Soccer All Soccer International Soccer MLS Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies All Movies Movie Listings Television All Television TV Listings Music All Music NP Music Books Celebrity Life Milestones All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes All Homes Condos Decorating Gardening Renovating Vacation Homes Food All Food Local Food Reviews Recipes From the Vault Health All Health Diet & Fitness Family & Child Men Women Seniors Sexual Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Travel Obits Classifieds All Classifieds Flyercity Celebrating Browse Listings Place a Classifieds Ad Local Directory Careers Driving All Driving News Reviews Car Comparison Buyer’s Guide Subscription News Local News |Featured: Windsor International Film Festival Obesity Life After Death Spitfires Dying for a Drink Exit Wounds Election 2019 100 years of Point Pelee Opioid Crisis Windsor Tech Cannabis Help Wanted Anne Jarvis Windsor-Detroit bridge Woofa-Roo 2019 Reader Letters | More Open Search Close Search Search Videos Sign In Sign Out Subscribe Ontario auditor general to assess PC climate change plan Canadian Press Updated: December 2, 2019 Bonnie Lysyk, auditor general of Ontario, speaks at the Greater Sudbury Chamber of Commerce luncheon in Copper Cliff on June 14, 2018. John Lappa/Postmedia Network Share Adjust Comment Print Ontario’s auditor general will assess the government’s plan to reduce greenhouse gas emissions in her annual report, to be released Wednesday. It is one of 19 areas in which Bonnie Lysyk’s office has conducted value-for-money audits this year. The Progressive Conservative government cancelled Ontario’s cap-and-trade system to reduce greenhouse gas emissions after last year’s election, and has introduced its own environment plan. Lysyk has looked at that plan to assess its effectiveness and whether the government is drawing on credible information. “This audit assessed whether…initiatives are comprehensive, cost-effective, co-ordinated and likely to achieve emission-reduction targets; and that the effectiveness of these initiatives is monitored, evaluated and reported publicly,” the office said Monday in a news release. The report will also assess various areas of the justice system. It will look at whether the province has cost-effective systems for managing court operations and if they support timely resolution of court cases. There will also be separate sections dedicated to the criminal court system and family court services. As well, the auditor has looked at whether working conditions in jails and detention centres allow correctional staff to safely supervise inmates, and if the programs and services in those facilities are delivered efficiently. The office of the chief coroner and the forensic pathology service will also be under the microscope, with that audit assessing if the systems and procedures in place ensure effective and high-quality death investigations. Several sections will deal with health care, including audits on patient safety and the administration of drugs at acute-care hospitals, as well as addictions treatment programs, chronic kidney disease management, and food and nutrition in long-term care homes. “The Ministry of Long-Term Care funds 626 long-term-care homes that provide residents with 24-hour nursing care and help with daily living in a protective and supportive environment,” the auditor’s office said. “This audit assessed whether the ministry, with homes and public health units, has cost-effective systems and procedures in place to ensure that food and nutrition services are delivered to residents in long-term-care homes according to relevant legislation, regulations and policies; that residents are provided with safe and nutritious meals; and that the efficiency and effectiveness of these activities are measured and reported publicly.” The auditor has also looked at food safety inspection programs — such as meat, produce and dairy — and public health units’ food premises inspections and how they monitor and manage outbreaks of food-borne illness. Other topics include cybersecurity at the Ontario Lottery and Gaming Corp., provincial support to the horse racing industry, workplace health and safety, commercial vehicle safety and enforcement, and the Ontario Disability Support Program. Vigil walk and red ribbons mark World AIDS Day in Windsor This Week's Flyers Comments Postmedia is pleased to bring you a new commenting experience. We are committed to maintaining a lively but civil forum for discussion and encourage all readers to share their views on our articles. Comments may take up to an hour for moderation before appearing on the site. We ask you to keep your comments relevant and respectful. Visit our Community Guidelines for more information. Sign in to Comment Connect With Us Weather Weather Currently Feels Like We want you to have the most accurate weather report you can. Please enter a valid postal code Latest National News World Fishmongers Hall exec details how employee, patrons confronted knife-wielding London terrorist World 'Sweating all over me': BBC to air interview with Virginia Giuffre, who says she was ... World Ex-FBI lawyer Lisa Page says Trump's 'demeaning fake orgasm' was the last straw Share this story Ontario auditor general to assess PC climate change plan Facebook Twitter Reddit Email Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn News All News Local News National World Traffic Business All Business Local Business Energy Technology FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Hockey Football Baseball Basketball Golf Soccer Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies Television Music Books Celebrity Life Milestones All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes Food From the Vault Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Travel 365 Bloor St East, Toronto, ON, M4W3L4, www.postmedia.com © 2019 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Classifieds Obits Careers Browse Classifieds Place a Classified Ad Celebrating Driving FlyerCity Local Directory Legal Privacy – Updated Terms Copyright & Permissions Digital Ad Registry Services Advertise With Us Subscribe My Subscription Edit Profile Contact ePaper Digital Access Contests Partnerships Properties Calgary Herald Canada.com Edmonton Journal London Free Press Montreal Gazette National Post Ottawa Citizen Leader-Post (Regina) The StarPhoenix (Saskatoon) The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun