Opinion - Editor Analysis & News Columns  | Saskatoon StarPhoenix	 Skip to navigation Skip to content News All News Local News Saskatchewan Politics Election 2019 National World Business All Business Local Business Energy Mining Mortgages Money Technology All Technology Gaming Internet Personal Tech Science Space Tech-Biz FP Markets Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Local Sports All Local Sports U of S Huskies Saskatoon Hilltops Hockey All Hockey NHL Saskatoon Blades Football All Football CFL Saskatchewan Roughriders NFL Baseball Basketball All Basketball NBA NCAA Golf Golf Videos Soccer All Soccer International Soccer MLS MMA Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies Television All Television TV Listings Music All Music NP Music Books Celebrity Life All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes All Homes Buying & Selling Condos Decorating Gardening Renovating Vacation Homes Living Spaces Food All Food Local Food Reviews Recipes Health All Health Diet & Fitness Family & Child Men Women Seniors Sexual Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Festivals Travel Bridges Puzzles & Comics Obits Classifieds All Classifieds Flyercity Celebrating Browse Listings Place a Classifieds Ad Local Directory Careers Driving All Driving News Reviews Car Comparison Buyer’s Guide Subscription Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters |Featured: StarPhoenix Sporting Christmas Canada's growing obesity crisis TheGrowthOp: Cannabis in Canada Saskatchewan Rush New Faces Election 2019 Cannabis Broncos bus crash Videos The Royals Follow the Money People Project Spotlight | More Open Search Close Search Search Videos Sign In Sign Out Subscribe Letter of the Day: Understanding voting system vital Letter to the editor from Jim Farney Opinion: The problem isn’t solar energy. It’s the energy system. Collective Voice: What I learned from failing Tank: Real buffer lies between data and Saskatoon's bizarre bike rule Braid: Andrew Scheer and the two big Conservative fears Editorials Editorial: Saskatchewan needs to tackle obesity Editorial: Sanitization of messages is concerning Editorial: Time for a new story on addictions Opinion: Ford v Ferrari depicts a ‘car guy’ generation best left dead and gone EDITORIAL: What we honour on Remembrance Day Editorial: Public owed clear response on lead in water Columnists Mandryk: Sask. Party won't reveal what's behind investment fund losses Kohlman: Caramelized Cranberry and Brie Tarts Cuthand: Compensation owed for suffering of First Nations children Smith: Indoctrination in Alberta's classrooms must stop Mandryk: Mid-year budget update sees Sask. Party gov't live up to its rhetoric Fingas: Closed-door whistle-blowing has no teeth Letters Letters to the editor Nov. 30 Letter of the Day: Saskatoon needs to expand central library Letter of the Day: Moe does not speak for all in province Letters to the editor Nov. 28 This Week's Flyers Flat Out Food: Forager Curtis Reid Curtis Reid has been a tree planter for most of his life, well-adapted to life lived off the grid in remote areas of northern Saskatchewan. Letter of the Day: Proposed library expansion Mandryk: CN strike reveals divisive times and unwillingness to listen to each other Opinion: Small modular reactors would be a worthy investment for Sask. Letter of the Day: Don't rush to fix what isn't broken Letters Letters to the editor Nov. 26 Letters to the editor — Oleksyn, Peever, Quigley Columnists Mandryk: SHA "hush memo" raises fear gov't criticism remains unwelcome This Sask. Party government struggles with the minimum when it comes to disclosure and emphasizes the maximum when it comes to spin. Letters Letter of the Day: Western provinces require equality Letter to the editor from Walter Wall Columnists Dumont: Portrait of the artist as an artist She wanted me to make her into Minnie Mouse, complete with a pink polka dotted bow. I was armed with only Q-tips and a lot of paint ... Columnists Collective Voice: Stuck in the middle If you are not a middle child you might be snickering at this topic, but this still might interest you. Letters Letters to the editor Nov. 25 Letters to the editor — Thompson, Wall, Maj, Lyndon Columnists BLIZZARD: Debate in Britain focused on Royals instead of Brexit thanks to Prince Andrew Britain is just three weeks away from voting in one of the most significant elections in recent history. Columnists Gerry Forbes: Make way for the Grey Cup! Today is the big day for Canada’s most-watched sporting event, as everyone across the nation settles in for the CFL championship game. Columnists Mandryk: Moe's kind words for Freeland a hopeful sign of détente Maybe the problem is anti-Trudeau sentiments are the heart of all the dysfunction. And maybe even Scott Moe is getting tired of it. Columnists Cuthand: Hockey team important to Indigenous people The people of Beardy's have welcomed hockey fans from the opposing teams to their arena and their reserve. Now this opportunity is gone. Columnists Polachic: Advent stories for children Kevin and Anne MacMillan wanted to give their six young grandchildren a special gift to remind them of the importance of Advent. Letters Letters to the editor Nov. 23 Letters to the editor — Melnychuk, Parenteau, Kavanagh Columnists Gormley: Calling all adults: cancel culture needs to stop The timing is good for Douglas Murray’s new book, “The Madness of Crowds: Gender, Race and Identity.” Letters Letter of the Day: Incentives shouldn't be required to help environment Letter to the editor from Dick Melnychuk Columnists Chris Selley: 'Minister of Middle Class Prosperity' isn't a joke. It should be Should a government need a minister whose job is to ensure Canadians are prospering? One might reasonably hope that’s the goal of pretty much any minister Columnists Mandryk: Feds desperately need to properly handle rail strike for more than economic reasons How do you silence those who argue the country doesn't work? Prove that it works by freeing the blockage pinching our economic lifeblood. Letters Letter of the Day: We are all stronger together Letter to the editor from Don Barss Letters Letters to the editor Nov. 21 Letters to the editor — Eyre, Barss Page 1 of 325 Connect With Us Most Read SP Opinion: The problem isn’t solar energy. It’s the energy system. | Saskatoon StarPhoenix Mark Donlevy sentenced to 4 years for 6 sexual assaults while he was massage therapist ... Tank: Real buffer lies between data and Saskatoon’s bizarre bike rule | Saskatoon StarPhoenix Premiers meet outside Toronto; Sask. signs memo for nuclear reactors | Saskatoon StarPhoenix Gerald Stanley trial: Jury delivers not guilty verdict in death of Colten Boushie | Saskatoon ... Cuthand: Compensation owed for suffering of First Nations children | Saskatoon StarPhoenix Local News Local News 'Shocked and excited': Injured Bronco Ryan Straschnitzki at 'loss for words' over effect of spinal ... Local News Fatal house fire: Two dead in Pelican Narrows blaze Crime Mark Donlevy sentenced to 4 years for 6 sexual assaults while he was massage therapist Local News Premiers meet outside Toronto; Saskatchewan signs memo for nuclear reactors Local News Years of service: WWII veteran gets award for 75 years with legion Weather Weather Currently Feels Like We want you to have the most accurate weather report you can. Please enter a valid postal code News All News Local News Saskatchewan Politics National World Business All Business Local Business Energy Mining Mortgages Money Technology FP Markets Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Local Sports Hockey Football Baseball Basketball Golf Soccer MMA Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies Television Music Books Celebrity Life All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes Food Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Festivals Travel Bridges Puzzles & Comics 365 Bloor St East, Toronto, ON, M4W3L4, www.postmedia.com © 2019 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Classifieds Obits Careers Browse Classifieds Place an Ad Driving FlyerCity Local Directory Legal Privacy – Updated Terms Copyright Digital Ad Registry Services Advertise With Us Subscribe My Subscription Edit Profile Contact ePaper Digital Access Contests NIE Properties Calgary Herald Canada.com Edmonton Journal London Free Press Montreal Gazette National Post Ottawa Citizen Leader-Post (Regina) The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun Windsor Star Post to Cancel