Organic materials may help in fight against moss | Windsor Star	 Skip to navigation Skip to content News All News Local News National Election 2019 World Traffic Business All Business Local Business Energy Technology All Technology Gaming Internet Personal Tech Science Space Tech-Biz FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Hockey All Hockey NHL Detroit Red Wings Toronto Maple Leafs Football All Football NFL Detroit Lions CFL Baseball All Baseball Detroit Tigers Basketball All Basketball NBA NCAA Windsor Express Golf Golf Videos Soccer All Soccer International Soccer MLS Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies All Movies Movie Listings Television All Television TV Listings Music All Music NP Music Books Celebrity Life Milestones All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes All Homes Condos Decorating Gardening Renovating Vacation Homes Food All Food Local Food Reviews Recipes From the Vault Health All Health Diet & Fitness Family & Child Men Women Seniors Sexual Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Travel Obits Classifieds All Classifieds Flyercity Celebrating Browse Listings Place a Classifieds Ad Local Directory Careers Driving All Driving News Reviews Car Comparison Buyer’s Guide Subscription Life Homes Condos Decorating Gardening Renovating Vacation Homes |Featured: Milestones Fit Tips Windsor In Pictures Kelly Steele | More Open Search Close Search Search Videos Sign In Sign Out Subscribe Organic materials may help in fight against moss Moss is a common issue in acidic, clay soils, especially in shaded sites. Helen Chesnut Updated: November 21, 2019 VICTORIA, B.C. - Ready-to pick compact green romaine: [For garden column by Helen Chesnut, Times Colonist, Saturday, March 26]. Photo by Helen Chesnut VTC Share Adjust Comment Print Q. We have not been able to discourage moss growth in the heavy clay soil of our flower beds. Is there anything that works? Additions of sand and then topsoil made no difference. A. Moss is a common issue in acidic, clay soils, especially in shaded sites. Clay drains slowly of excess moisture and moss proliferates in damp conditions. Sand is not helpful for breaking up clay and creating air spaces in that tight-textured type of soil. Sand tends to meld in with the clay to form an even more concrete-like texture. Something with larger particles would be preferable, such as sharp-edged gravel of turkey grit. Regular additions of organic materials such as compost, leaf mould and manures all help to improve soil texture over time. In a previous garden with heavy clay soil, I mulched in summer between rows and around shrubs and perennials with grass mowings and aged sawdust. Scratched or dug into the soil in early autumn, these materials were effective at “biting” into the soil and opening up its texture. A lighter, less tight-textured soil will drain more efficiently and help to reduce the incidence of moss. Raised beds are helpful in enhancing rapid drainage of excess moisture. Except where acid-loving plants are growing, lime the soil to further discourage moss. Q. Why is romaine lettuce sometimes referred to as “cos” lettuce? A. These upright, cylindrical lettuces with long leaves are called both cos and romaine because the Romans, who were fond of green salad material, discovered them on the Greek island of Cos, where this type of lettuce grew abundantly. The sturdy nature of the lettuces they found, and the plants’ general tolerance of heat and strong sunlight, perfectly suited the climate of the island of Cos. Brought back to Rome, “cos” lettuce turned out to be so popular and widely grown that it became associated with the city and was referred to as “romaine.” Related Leave ornamental grasses untouched until late winter Windsor tops in Ontario for average house price increase: 25 per... This Week's Flyers Comments Postmedia is pleased to bring you a new commenting experience. We are committed to maintaining a lively but civil forum for discussion and encourage all readers to share their views on our articles. Comments may take up to an hour for moderation before appearing on the site. We ask you to keep your comments relevant and respectful. Visit our Community Guidelines for more information. Sign in to Comment Connect With Us Latest Food Stories Cancer patients are losing valuable time — and risking their lives — with alternative therapies, ... Bypassing the heart bypass (with video) SUN RUN: Fitness goals must push us, but not drain us Suit Yourself Sponsored by INDOCHINO The spring trifecta: Three ways to diversify your suit collection Groom finds perfectly fitting wedding suit at a great price Whether online or brick and mortar, Indochino CEO Drew Green sees customization and personality as ... 5 Simple Steps To Take Care of Your Suit Share this story Organic materials may help in fight against moss Facebook Twitter Reddit Email Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn News All News Local News National World Traffic Business All Business Local Business Energy Technology FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Hockey Football Baseball Basketball Golf Soccer Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies Television Music Books Celebrity Life Milestones All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes Food From the Vault Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Travel 365 Bloor St East, Toronto, ON, M4W3L4, www.postmedia.com © 2019 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Classifieds Obits Careers Browse Classifieds Place a Classified Ad Celebrating Driving FlyerCity Local Directory Legal Privacy – Updated Terms Copyright & Permissions Digital Ad Registry Services Advertise With Us Subscribe My Subscription Edit Profile Contact ePaper Digital Access Contests Partnerships Properties Calgary Herald Canada.com Edmonton Journal London Free Press Montreal Gazette National Post Ottawa Citizen Leader-Post (Regina) The StarPhoenix (Saskatoon) The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun