Overview - Issuu - Creator Hub Skip to content OVERVIEW FEATURES Create Stories Shareable Full Screen Reader Design Templates Monetize Digital Sales Advertising Reseller Program Analytics Enhance Embedded Video Shopping & Web Links Share Embed and Social Sharing Teams Groups Collaborate SOLUTIONS Role Creators Marketers Educators & Students Editors Industry Sales Government Non-Profit Travel Sports Human Resources Real Estate RESOURCES Toolkits & Templates Publisher Toolkit Social Sharing Toolkit Design Templates How Tos Preparing Your Document Sell Your Content Tutorials Webinars Support FAQs Help Topics BLOG PLANS ISSUU.COM LOG IN OVERVIEW FEATURES Create Stories Shareable Full Screen Reader Design Tools and Templates Enhance Embedded Video Shopping and Web Links Share Embed and Social Sharing Monetize Digital Sales Analytics Advertising Reseller Program Teams Groups Collaborate SOLUTIONS Role Creators Marketers Educators & Students Editors Industry Sales Government Non-Profit Travel Sports Human Resources Real Estate PLANS ISSUU.COM BLOG LOG IN Overview SuzieQ Sharky 2019-07-22T23:47:20+00:00 WELCOME TO THE ISSUU CREATOR HUB Everyone Has a Story to Tell. Create Once. Share Everywhere with the Issuu Story Cloud. The Issuu Story Cloud is a suite of digital publishing products available for businesses, brands and creators of all types to create Issuu Stories, magazines, marketing collateral and more, then share to the web and social. Get discovered by 100 million+ global readers a month. Start Free Trial Start a 14-day free trial and get full access to interactive publishing features, Stories, unlimited uploads, design templates, social sharing tools & more. Today’s Most Popular Way to Tell Your Story. The Issuu Story Cloud streamlines content creation and distribution by transforming your content into exciting Instagram Stories, AMP Stories, LinkedIn Stories and more, plus the chance to be curated on Issuu’s Apple News channel. LEARN MORE Editorialists, Add Some Gloss to Your Content. Bring your editorial content to life with the Issuu Story Cloud, a suite of publishing products for visually engaging and immersive storytelling. Create flipbooks, Issuu Stories and interactive content, then share to the web, social and the millions on Issuu.com. LEARN MORE Marketers Promote Branded Content with Ease. No matter what industry or the size of your business, take your content marketing activities to the next level with the Issuu Story Cloud. Our sleek and interactive display will make your company stand out to your competitors. Features like embedded video, adding shopping links, or sharing will encourage and boost sales. LEARN MORE Creatives, Be a Constant Curator. Take your passions from ideation to creation with the Issuu Story Cloud. Use our suite of publishing products to create Stories for Instagram, Facebook and more, embed on your website, add links to your content and so much more. LEARN MORE Educators and Students Express Themselves Like Never Before. Issuu is the mouthpiece of Students & Educators alike. Students bring school newspapers and Educators publish research papers to a wider audience on the Issuu Story Cloud with seamless distribution. Universities create content to promote department accomplishments. LEARN MORE Everyone Has a Story to Tell. Create Once. Share Everywhere with the Issuu Story Cloud, is a suite of digital publishing products for creators brands and businesses, to create Stories, and share everywhere. LEARN MORE Today’s Most Popular Way to Tell Your Story. The Issuu Story Cloud streamlines content into visually engaging Stories. Share your stories to Instagram, Google AMP, LinkedIn and Apple News. LEARN MORE Editorialists, Add Some Gloss to Your Content. Bring your content to life with the Issuu Story Cloud, a suite of products to create visually engaging. Share to the web, social and the millions on Issuu.com. LEARN MORE Marketers Promote Branded Content with Ease. Take your content to the next level with the Issuu Story Cloud. Our interactive display creates an impression. Share on social and the web and reach customers worldwide. LEARN MORE Creatives, Be a Constant Curator. Take your passions from ideation to creation with the Issuu Story Cloud. Create visually engaging Stories and share to Instagram, Facebook, Google AMP, the Apple News Channel, and more. LEARN MORE Educators and Students Express Yourself. Issuu empowers Students & Educators alike. Bring school newspapers, research papers, and more to a wider audience with the Issuu Story Cloud. LEARN MORE Everyone Has a Story to Tell. Create Once. Share Everywhere with the Issuu Story Cloud. A suite of digital publishing products for creators brands and businesses, to create Stories, and share everywhere. LEARN MORE Today’s Most Popular Way to Tell Your Story. The Issuu Story Cloud streamlines content into visually engaging Stories. Share your stories to Instagram, Google AMP, LinkedIn and Apple News. LEARN MORE Editorialists, Add Some Gloss to Your Content. Bring your content to life with the Issuu Story Cloud, a suite of products to create visually engaging. Share to the web, social and the millions on Issuu.com. LEARN MORE Marketers Promote Branded Content with Ease. Take your content to the next level with the Issuu Story Cloud. Our interactive display creates an impression. Share on social and the web and reach customers. LEARN MORE Creatives, Be a Constant Curator. Take your passions from ideation to creation with the Issuu Story Cloud. Create visually engaging Stories and share to Instagram, Facebook, Google AMP, the Apple News Channel, and more. LEARN MORE Educators and Students Express Yourself. Issuu empowers Students & Educators alike. Bring school newspapers, research papers, and more to a wider audience with the Issuu Story Cloud. LEARN MORE Issuu.com Log In Read Publish Blog Plans Create, Enhance & Share Stories Full-Screen Reader Templates & Tools Embed & Social Sharing Embedded Video Monetize & Measure Digital Sales Shopping & Web Links Advertising on Issuu Reseller Program Statistics Teams Groups Collaborate Terms Privacy DMCA We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it. Ok Lean more