Part travelogue, part cookbook, Caroline Eden chronicles a 2,200-km journey in Black Sea | Windsor Star	 Skip to navigation Skip to content News All News Local News National Election 2019 World Traffic Business All Business Local Business Energy Technology All Technology Gaming Internet Personal Tech Science Space Tech-Biz FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Hockey All Hockey NHL Detroit Red Wings Toronto Maple Leafs Football All Football NFL Detroit Lions CFL Baseball All Baseball Detroit Tigers Basketball All Basketball NBA NCAA Windsor Express Golf Golf Videos Soccer All Soccer International Soccer MLS Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies All Movies Movie Listings Television All Television TV Listings Music All Music NP Music Books Celebrity Life Milestones All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes All Homes Condos Decorating Gardening Renovating Vacation Homes Food All Food Local Food Reviews Recipes From the Vault Health All Health Diet & Fitness Family & Child Men Women Seniors Sexual Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Travel Obits Classifieds All Classifieds Flyercity Celebrating Browse Listings Place a Classifieds Ad Local Directory Careers Driving All Driving News Reviews Car Comparison Buyer’s Guide Subscription |Featured: Windsor International Film Festival Obesity Life After Death Spitfires Dying for a Drink Exit Wounds Election 2019 100 years of Point Pelee Opioid Crisis Windsor Tech Cannabis Help Wanted Anne Jarvis Windsor-Detroit bridge Woofa-Roo 2019 Reader Letters | More Open Search Close Search Search Videos Sign In Sign Out Subscribe Part travelogue, part cookbook, Caroline Eden chronicles a 2,200-km journey in Black Sea 'Food is such an incredible way of talking about almost anything' Laura Brehaut Updated: August 22, 2019 Citrus cured mackerel with gherkins, left, and raspberry buttermilk tart from Black Sea. Ola O. Smit Share Adjust Comment Print Our cookbook of the week is Black Sea by award-winning travel and food writer Caroline Eden. To try a recipe from the book, check out: Sumela brunch with herb-flecked cornbread, citrus cured mackerel with gherkins and raspberry buttermilk tart. Beguiling and intense, the Black Sea has long been a pivotal part of the world. But it’s a region that, unless there’s a direct connection, many in the West have a dim awareness of — occasional news stories detailing conflict notwithstanding. Sitting astride the edge of Eastern Europe and western verge of Asia, it has a fascinating history and rich culture. Essential to trade and an epicentre of migration, it’s bordered by Bulgaria, Georgia, Romania, Russia, Turkey and Ukraine. Political boundaries, though, are permeable; ideas have always ebbed and flowed freely along its perimeter. The foodways encircling the marginal sea were a natural point of entry for travel and food writer Caroline Eden. In her first book, Samarkand (Kyle Books, 2016; with Eleanor Ford), she focused on the food cultures of Central Asia and the Caucasus. Her follow-up, Black Sea (Quadrille, 2019), is a travelogue interwoven with recipes, and lush food and location photography. Through the lens of food, she tells the story of a journey between three legendary cities. In Black Sea, Caroline Eden weaves travelogue with recipes from her journey between three legendary cities: Odessa, Istanbul and Trabzon. Quadrille From the relatively new port city of Odessa, Ukraine, which Catherine the Great founded in 1794, to Istanbul — the vibrant city straddling two continents, linked to the Black Sea by the Bosphorus strait — and finally “truly ancient” Trabzon in northeastern Turkey, Eden travelled more than 2,200 km counterclockwise along the coast. In chronicling the modern realities of life on the sea, she intersperses recipes inspired by dishes she ate, people she met, history and literature. “Food is such an incredible way of talking about almost anything. These books are Trojan horses in a way. They’re a way for me to talk about everything from migration to politics to harvests through food,” says Eden. “I like to use recipes — as we use photography in food books — as another way people can taste the journey … The recipes are a way to understand more about the countries, and the context, history and culture. They’re a tool.” Notoriously tempestuous and dark, Eden writes, the Greeks first called the Black Sea ‘Pontos Axeinos’ — meaning ’inhospitable’ or ‘sombre’ sea — but later dubbed it ‘Euxine’ (‘welcoming sea’), which may have been “word play to appease its cruelty, or else it was ironic.” The fact that this forbidding, cliff-lined body of water has been a haven for many over centuries — including refugees from the Balkans and deportees from the Caucasus — carries its own sense of contradiction. Eden explains that although she had expected to be surprised by the historically volatile region, it was the people — their tales of migration, hardship and resilience — that left the greatest impression. Among them were the bakers of Çamlıhemşin, a small town east of Trabzon set amidst verdant slopes and leafy valleys. For Yunus Tarakçi’s great-grandfather, leaving Turkey for Russia “was a matter of survival.” But the baking tradition he and others began on the south coast of the Crimean Peninsula would last generations. Trabzon, Turkey and environs. Theodore Kaye After an arduous journey across the Black Sea in the 1830s, he and five friends landed in Yalta where they made a living baking bread, ultimately mastering the art of French and Viennese pastry. As they sent money home to their families, word of their success spread. Others left Çamlıhemşin to join them, spurring a legacy of pastry chefs, some of whom would eventually make their way back to the village. Their fortunes built on exquisite Tsarist cakes, the bakers left their mark high up on the hillsides in the form of elaborate Ottoman konaks (mansions). “That story completely blew my mind. And I had no idea it was there until I got there. I knew it was a beautiful part of Turkey and they had interesting villages and fantastic dairy up in the yaylas (high mountain pastures), but I had no idea about these bakers,” says Eden. “And (I encountered many) people running restaurants and cafés who’d travelled across the Black Sea … In Istanbul, I met a Tatar from Crimea who had fled persecution. You sit with these people for an hour and they tell you amazing stories that are unimaginable to someone like me: My family has only ever lived in England; I don’t have personal stories of migration. And through food, they’ve set up restaurants; they’ve kept their recipes. It’s a way for them to hold on to their heritage.” Looking out to the sea does something to people Caroline Eden Despite their differences, she noted significant commonalities in the cities she visited. There were shared flavours and ingredients, and a frontier-ness. Set apart from their respective countries, borders were seemingly less of a defining factor than the sea. Whether they relied on it for their livelihoods or not, Black Sea-dwellers shared a profound connection to the water. And even when “deeply nationalistic,” as in the case of Trabzon, the communities were still distinct from their host nations. “Looking out to the sea does something to people and I think it connects people from those different countries to one another, which is something I hadn’t predicted. And it’s quite hard to sum up but you feel it,” says Eden. Over the course of her travels, she was also confronted with the changeability of the region. A frequent traveller to Istanbul, her “favourite place to eat in the world,” in January 2017 she found herself standing in the middle of an “eerily quiet” Grand Bazaar, the sole foreign visitor. Once a bustling attraction, tourists had been dissuaded from visiting following a failed coup attempt in 2016 and the ongoing threat of terrorism. “Life, it all comes in waves, and it comes and goes. And as things are dark, they become light, and again and again,” says Eden. “I suppose it’s that interconnectivity and flow you get with the Black Sea, of people, ideas, trade and geopolitics. It’s such an important part of the world.” Planning a vacation? How about staying in Windsor-Essex? This Week's Flyers Comments Postmedia is pleased to bring you a new commenting experience. We are committed to maintaining a lively but civil forum for discussion and encourage all readers to share their views on our articles. Comments may take up to an hour for moderation before appearing on the site. We ask you to keep your comments relevant and respectful. Visit our Community Guidelines for more information. Sign in to Comment Connect With Us Close Daily Headline News Thank you for subscribing to Postmedia's Newsletter. Email By clicking "Submit", I consent to receiving the above communication from Postmedia Network Inc. I understand that I may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. Submit TV Listings What's On Tonight for Find your full TV Listings here! Top Health News Local News UWindsor chef serves up healthy skin care Local News Allowing abused women to bring their pets to crisis shelters could save lives, UWindsor profs ... Local News Windsor-Essex first in Ontario with tool to reduce idled ambulances Local News Violence against long-term care workers, nurses at alarming levels across Ontario Diet & Fitness $6M for bike lanes, trails to build on 'tremendous growth' in cycling across Essex County Weather Weather Currently Feels Like We want you to have the most accurate weather report you can. Please enter a valid postal code Top Stories Pussycat Dolls’ raunchy ‘nearly naked’ reunion sparks 400 complaints | Windsor Star Amherstburg Diageo workers ratify 3-year contract | Windsor Star Local home sale prices expected to make another big hike in 2020 | Windsor Star Reader letter: Most people are doing nothing about climate change | Windsor Star Share this story Part travelogue, part cookbook, Caroline Eden chronicles a 2,200-km journey in Black Sea Facebook Twitter Reddit Email Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn News All News Local News National World Traffic Business All Business Local Business Energy Technology FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Hockey Football Baseball Basketball Golf Soccer Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies Television Music Books Celebrity Life Milestones All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes Food From the Vault Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Travel 365 Bloor St East, Toronto, ON, M4W3L4, www.postmedia.com © 2019 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Classifieds Obits Careers Browse Classifieds Place a Classified Ad Celebrating Driving FlyerCity Local Directory Legal Privacy – Updated Terms Copyright & Permissions Digital Ad Registry Services Advertise With Us Subscribe My Subscription Edit Profile Contact ePaper Digital Access Contests Partnerships Properties Calgary Herald Canada.com Edmonton Journal London Free Press Montreal Gazette National Post Ottawa Citizen Leader-Post (Regina) The StarPhoenix (Saskatoon) The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun