Pistons rout Spurs behind Wood’s career-high 28 points | Windsor Star	 Skip to navigation Skip to content News All News Local News National Election 2019 World Traffic Business All Business Local Business Energy Technology All Technology Gaming Internet Personal Tech Science Space Tech-Biz FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Hockey All Hockey NHL Detroit Red Wings Toronto Maple Leafs Football All Football NFL Detroit Lions CFL Baseball All Baseball Detroit Tigers Basketball All Basketball NBA NCAA Windsor Express Golf Golf Videos Soccer All Soccer International Soccer MLS Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies All Movies Movie Listings Television All Television TV Listings Music All Music NP Music Books Celebrity Life Milestones All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes All Homes Condos Decorating Gardening Renovating Vacation Homes Food All Food Local Food Reviews Recipes From the Vault Health All Health Diet & Fitness Family & Child Men Women Seniors Sexual Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Travel Obits Classifieds All Classifieds Flyercity Celebrating Browse Listings Place a Classifieds Ad Local Directory Careers Driving All Driving News Reviews Car Comparison Buyer’s Guide Subscription Sports Basketball NBA |Featured: Library Strike Fit Tips Kelly Steele Windsor In Pictures | More Open Search Close Search Search Videos Sign In Sign Out Subscribe Pistons rout Spurs behind Wood's career-high 28 points Reuters Updated: December 1, 2019 Detroit Pistons guard Bruce Brown is guarded by San Antonio Spurs forward Rudy Gay during the second quarter at Little Caesars Arena. Raj Mehta / USA TODAY Sports Share Adjust Comment Print Center Christian Wood poured in a career-high 28 points and grabbed 10 rebounds off the bench and the host Detroit Pistons rolled to a 132-98 victory over the San Antonio Spurs on Sunday. Wood’s previous career high was 26 points for Milwaukee last season. He was claimed off waivers by Detroit during the offseason. Luke Kennard scored 20 points as seven Pistons reached double figures. Bruce Brown had 13 points and seven rebounds and Svi Mykhailiuk also tossed in 13 points. Blake Griffin, Derrick Rose and Markieff Morris supplied 10 points apiece and Rose also had a team-best 10 assists. Pistons center Andre Drummond chipped in nine points, including his 8,000th career point, and pulled down 16 rebounds. Detroit’s margin of victory was its biggest of the season. The Pistons were coming off two close losses to Charlotte but controlled this game most of the way. They shot 59.1 percent from the field and made 15 of 31 3-point attempts. DeMar DeRozan led the Spurs with 20 points. Lonnie Walker IV scored 13 off the bench and Rudy Gay added 12. Drew Eubanks chipped in nine points and eight rebounds but San Antonio was outscored 73-47 after halftime. The Pistons led by 15 late in the first half but San Antonio finished it with a 14-7 spurt to cut Detroit’s lead to 59-51. DeRozan and Gay combined for 27 first-half points to keep their club within striking distance. Kennard led Detroit with 13 points and it also got 30 points from the second unit, with Wood (nine points) pacing that group. Detroit opened the second half with an 8-2 run for a 14-point advantage. Brown hit a 3-pointer four minutes into the quarter to make it 72-57. A Kennard 3-pointer midway through the quarter pushed the lead to 16 points and a Griffin three-point play upped the advantage to 17. Wood had a layup and a dunk and Mykhailiuk knocked down a 3-pointer to increase Detroit’s lead to 24 at 93-69. Wood answered a Spurs basket with a corner three before the quarter ended to make it 96-71. –Field Level Media Windsor fans pose with Toronto Raptors championship trophy This Week's Flyers Comments Postmedia is pleased to bring you a new commenting experience. We are committed to maintaining a lively but civil forum for discussion and encourage all readers to share their views on our articles. Comments may take up to an hour for moderation before appearing on the site. We ask you to keep your comments relevant and respectful. Visit our Community Guidelines for more information. Sign in to Comment Connect With Us Most Popular Now Windsor woman dies in Chatham-Kent crash | Windsor Star Kid Rock opens up about foul-mouthed Oprah Winfrey rant | Windsor Star Reader letter: Most people are doing nothing about climate change | Windsor Star Pussycat Dolls’ raunchy ‘nearly naked’ reunion sparks 400 complaints | Windsor Star Windsor makes appearance (kind of) in The Irishman | Windsor Star Guest column: Anesthesiologist shortage could be solved with nurse anesthetists | Windsor Star Windsor Weather Forecast - News & Reports | Windsor Star Share this story Pistons rout Spurs behind Wood's career-high 28 points Facebook Twitter Reddit Email Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn News All News Local News National World Traffic Business All Business Local Business Energy Technology FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Hockey Football Baseball Basketball Golf Soccer Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies Television Music Books Celebrity Life Milestones All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes Food From the Vault Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Travel 365 Bloor St East, Toronto, ON, M4W3L4, www.postmedia.com © 2019 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Classifieds Obits Careers Browse Classifieds Place a Classified Ad Celebrating Driving FlyerCity Local Directory Legal Privacy – Updated Terms Copyright & Permissions Digital Ad Registry Services Advertise With Us Subscribe My Subscription Edit Profile Contact ePaper Digital Access Contests Partnerships Properties Calgary Herald Canada.com Edmonton Journal London Free Press Montreal Gazette National Post Ottawa Citizen Leader-Post (Regina) The StarPhoenix (Saskatoon) The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun