Playing in Seattle a homecoming for Vanney | Windsor Star	 Skip to navigation Skip to content News All News Local News National Election 2019 World Traffic Business All Business Local Business Energy Technology All Technology Gaming Internet Personal Tech Science Space Tech-Biz FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Hockey All Hockey NHL Detroit Red Wings Toronto Maple Leafs Football All Football NFL Detroit Lions CFL Baseball All Baseball Detroit Tigers Basketball All Basketball NBA NCAA Windsor Express Golf Golf Videos Soccer All Soccer International Soccer MLS Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies All Movies Movie Listings Television All Television TV Listings Music All Music NP Music Books Celebrity Life Milestones All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes All Homes Condos Decorating Gardening Renovating Vacation Homes Food All Food Local Food Reviews Recipes From the Vault Health All Health Diet & Fitness Family & Child Men Women Seniors Sexual Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Travel Obits Classifieds All Classifieds Flyercity Celebrating Browse Listings Place a Classifieds Ad Local Directory Careers Driving All Driving News Reviews Car Comparison Buyer’s Guide Subscription Sports Soccer MLS |Featured: Library Strike Fit Tips Kelly Steele Windsor In Pictures | More Open Search Close Search Search Videos Sign In Sign Out Subscribe Playing in Seattle a homecoming for Vanney Steve Buffery Updated: November 8, 2019 Toronto FC head coach Greg Vanney talks to reporters. (SUN FILES) Share Adjust Comment Print SEATTLE — Having the MLS Cup final hosted in the Emerald City is a homecoming of sorts for TFC coach Greg Vanney. In 2009, while he was the academy director for Real City Lake, Vanney was hired to do colour commentary for Seattle Sounders game on FSN Northwest and KONG-TV and radio, working alongside Kevin Calabro. Though his broadcasting career lasted only one season, Vanney looked back at it with fondness. “It was outstanding from the perspective of working with the people in Seattle,” Vanney said. “I was living in Phoenix at the time and flying back and forth, and they were wonderful about working with my schedule. “I enjoyed every minute of it. I wasn’t a great broadcaster. I was the analyst guy trying to fill in the blanks. But it was good for me because I stayed in touch with the league, I was able to analyze games and look at them from a coaching perspective from up in the booth and share some things. And then (British commentator) Arlo White came in and I’m like, ‘This guy doesn’t need an analyst, he should just do it himself.’ And the next year he was doing it by himself and that was that.” Vanney said he especially enjoyed working with Calabro, the longtime voice of the former Seattle SuperSonics. Calabro was not really a soccer guy. “A lot of his terms were different things that you would hear in other sports and I was trying to help him understand soccer as he was trying to help me understand broadcasting,” Vanney said. “It was fun.” Windsor's Facchineri leads Canada into FIFA U-17 World Cup in Brazil This Week's Flyers Comments Postmedia is pleased to bring you a new commenting experience. We are committed to maintaining a lively but civil forum for discussion and encourage all readers to share their views on our articles. Comments may take up to an hour for moderation before appearing on the site. We ask you to keep your comments relevant and respectful. Visit our Community Guidelines for more information. Sign in to Comment Connect With Us Most Popular Now Pussycat Dolls’ raunchy ‘nearly naked’ reunion sparks 400 complaints | Windsor Star Flood watch issued for Windsor-Essex | Windsor Star Amherstburg Diageo workers ratify 3-year contract | Windsor Star Reader letter: Most people are doing nothing about climate change | Windsor Star CP Holiday Train arrives in Windsor, $7K for local food banks | Windsor Star Canada’s Continental Gold agrees to $1.3 billion takeover by one of China’s biggest gold miners ... Guest column: Anesthesiologist shortage could be solved with nurse anesthetists | Windsor Star Share this story Playing in Seattle a homecoming for Vanney Facebook Twitter Reddit Email Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn News All News Local News National World Traffic Business All Business Local Business Energy Technology FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Hockey Football Baseball Basketball Golf Soccer Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies Television Music Books Celebrity Life Milestones All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes Food From the Vault Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Travel 365 Bloor St East, Toronto, ON, M4W3L4, www.postmedia.com © 2019 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Classifieds Obits Careers Browse Classifieds Place a Classified Ad Celebrating Driving FlyerCity Local Directory Legal Privacy – Updated Terms Copyright & Permissions Digital Ad Registry Services Advertise With Us Subscribe My Subscription Edit Profile Contact ePaper Digital Access Contests Partnerships Properties Calgary Herald Canada.com Edmonton Journal London Free Press Montreal Gazette National Post Ottawa Citizen Leader-Post (Regina) The StarPhoenix (Saskatoon) The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun