Police arrest fleeing suspect following downtown assault | Windsor Star	 Skip to navigation Skip to content News All News Local News National Election 2019 World Traffic Business All Business Local Business Energy Technology All Technology Gaming Internet Personal Tech Science Space Tech-Biz FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Hockey All Hockey NHL Detroit Red Wings Toronto Maple Leafs Football All Football NFL Detroit Lions CFL Baseball All Baseball Detroit Tigers Basketball All Basketball NBA NCAA Windsor Express Golf Golf Videos Soccer All Soccer International Soccer MLS Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies All Movies Movie Listings Television All Television TV Listings Music All Music NP Music Books Celebrity Life Milestones All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes All Homes Condos Decorating Gardening Renovating Vacation Homes Food All Food Local Food Reviews Recipes From the Vault Health All Health Diet & Fitness Family & Child Men Women Seniors Sexual Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Travel Obits Classifieds All Classifieds Flyercity Celebrating Browse Listings Place a Classifieds Ad Local Directory Careers Driving All Driving News Reviews Car Comparison Buyer’s Guide Subscription News Local News |Featured: Windsor International Film Festival Obesity Life After Death Spitfires Dying for a Drink Exit Wounds Election 2019 100 years of Point Pelee Opioid Crisis Windsor Tech Cannabis Help Wanted Anne Jarvis Windsor-Detroit bridge Woofa-Roo 2019 Reader Letters | More Open Search Close Search Search Videos Sign In Sign Out Subscribe Police arrest fleeing suspect following downtown assault Taylor Campbell Updated: December 2, 2019 Windsor Police Service insignia on a backdrop at headquarters. Dalson Chen / Windsor Star Share Adjust Comment Print Windsor police have an alert citizen to thank for the arrest of an assault suspect over the weekend. After a citizen reported what was believed to be a fight at a resident in the 400 block of Crawford Avenue on Saturday, patrol officers responded to the area, police said. The incident occurred at approximately 1:30 a.m. Officers heard what they believed was a garage door, followed by the sound of a person hopping a chain link fence. Police quickly located a man in the area dressed in dark clothing and wearing a mask. The suspect was taken into custody without incident. A quantity of suspected methamphetamine was located in the suspect’s possession. At the involved residence, police located an adult male victim who had been assaulted. He was transported to hospital with what police described as non-life threatening injuries. The Windsor Police Services forensic identification unit attended and processed the scene. The major crimes branch continues to investigate the incident, police said. Investigators believe the incident was targeted. James Lachine, a 45-year-old Windsor man, is charged with aggravated assault, assault with a weapon, forcible confinement, possession of methamphetamine, and having a face mask with the intent to commit an offence. Windsor police thank the community for “continuing to be an integral part of the daily duties we perform,” according to a news release from the service on Monday. “We often rely on citizens to be the eyes and ears of the community and continue to encourage our citizens to call police if you believe a situation may require a police response.” The release called this case “a great example where officers were able to quickly attend a scene and arrest a suspect because a citizen made that call.” Anyone with information is asked to contact Windsor police at 519-255-6700 ext. 4830, Crime Stoppers anonymously at 519-258-8477 (TIPS) or online at www.catchcrooks.com. Related Windsor police arrest suspect in alleged home invasion and sexual assault of a child Police seek information about assault in Lakeshore Sex assault charges against Windsor driving instructor will not be re-filed tcampbell@postmedia.com twitter.com/wstarcampbell Vigil walk and red ribbons mark World AIDS Day in Windsor This Week's Flyers Comments Postmedia is pleased to bring you a new commenting experience. We are committed to maintaining a lively but civil forum for discussion and encourage all readers to share their views on our articles. Comments may take up to an hour for moderation before appearing on the site. We ask you to keep your comments relevant and respectful. Visit our Community Guidelines for more information. Sign in to Comment Connect With Us Weather Weather Currently Feels Like We want you to have the most accurate weather report you can. Please enter a valid postal code Latest National News World Fishmongers Hall exec details how employee and patrons fought knife-wielding London terrorist World 'Sweating all over me': BBC to air interview with Virginia Giuffre, who says she was ... World Ex-FBI lawyer Lisa Page says Trump's 'demeaning fake orgasm' was the last straw Share this story Police arrest fleeing suspect following downtown assault Facebook Twitter Reddit Email Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn News All News Local News National World Traffic Business All Business Local Business Energy Technology FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Hockey Football Baseball Basketball Golf Soccer Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies Television Music Books Celebrity Life Milestones All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes Food From the Vault Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Travel 365 Bloor St East, Toronto, ON, M4W3L4, www.postmedia.com © 2019 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Classifieds Obits Careers Browse Classifieds Place a Classified Ad Celebrating Driving FlyerCity Local Directory Legal Privacy – Updated Terms Copyright & Permissions Digital Ad Registry Services Advertise With Us Subscribe My Subscription Edit Profile Contact ePaper Digital Access Contests Partnerships Properties Calgary Herald Canada.com Edmonton Journal London Free Press Montreal Gazette National Post Ottawa Citizen Leader-Post (Regina) The StarPhoenix (Saskatoon) The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun