Politics News, Updates & Information  | Saskatoon StarPhoenix	 Skip to navigation Skip to content News All News Local News Saskatchewan Politics Election 2019 National World Business All Business Local Business Energy Mining Mortgages Money Technology All Technology Gaming Internet Personal Tech Science Space Tech-Biz FP Markets Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Local Sports All Local Sports U of S Huskies Saskatoon Hilltops Hockey All Hockey NHL Saskatoon Blades Football All Football CFL Saskatchewan Roughriders NFL Baseball Basketball All Basketball NBA NCAA Golf Golf Videos Soccer All Soccer International Soccer MLS MMA Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies Television All Television TV Listings Music All Music NP Music Books Celebrity Life All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes All Homes Buying & Selling Condos Decorating Gardening Renovating Vacation Homes Living Spaces Food All Food Local Food Reviews Recipes Health All Health Diet & Fitness Family & Child Men Women Seniors Sexual Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Festivals Travel Bridges Puzzles & Comics Obits Classifieds All Classifieds Flyercity Celebrating Browse Listings Place a Classifieds Ad Local Directory Careers Driving All Driving News Reviews Car Comparison Buyer’s Guide Subscription News Politics Election 2019 |Featured: Columnists | More Open Search Close Search Search Videos Sign In Sign Out Subscribe Premiers meet outside Toronto; Saskatchewan signs memo for nuclear reactors Backlog growing at information commissioner's office Braid: Andrew Scheer and the two big Conservative fears Raney and Berdahl: Chrystia Freeland will have to navigate misogyny in her new roles UCP members show overwhelming support for ideas to give Alberta more autonomy Dustin Duncan aims for message of hope at Regina youth climate strike Government to spend more on international trade trips: Harrison Andrew Scheer appoints Liberal who crossed the floor in 2018 as his deputy leader Lisa Raitt: Burst of populism in Conservative leadership race has changed the party Lisa Raitt: Growing number of Conservatives think Andrew Scheer 'wasn't strong enough’ Sask. Party MLAs block questioning of fund manager over losses SLGA to allow private warehouses for specialty liquor, wine 'More call-bell': Sask. government questioned over hallway medicine in Saskatoon hospitals Canada needs carbon tax of $210 a tonne by 2030 to meet Paris targets, report ... Crop insurance won't affect plan to balance budget: Harpauer Kenney spars with Notley over rapid dismissal of election commissioner Columnists Collective Voice: What I learned from failing Tank: Real buffer lies between data and Saskatoon's bizarre bike rule Mandryk: Sask. Party won't reveal what's behind investment fund losses Editorials Editorial: Saskatchewan needs to tackle obesity Editorial: Sanitization of messages is concerning Editorial: Time for a new story on addictions Opinion: Ford v Ferrari depicts a ‘car guy’ generation best left dead and gone EDITORIAL: What we honour on Remembrance Day Editorial: Public owed clear response on lead in water More Politics Moe sees no benefit in separation 'at this point' CN strike tops agenda as federal ag minister tours Agribition Freeland, Moe to meet Tuesday in Regina Wilkinson aims to heal rifts with Sask. while keeping carbon price Wexit Sask. likely to focus on few constituencies in 2020 election: organizer The separatist political movement is collecting the 2,500 signatures required to register as a political party with Elections Saskatchewan. Push for action on CN strike derailed by squabbling in Sask. legislature Methadone counsellors stretched thin as data suggest heavy caseloads Wyant defends education committee, NDP calls it 'ridiculous' Trudeau cabinet targets western anger, but it's only the beginning Politics John Ivison: For the most part, bloated Trudeau cabinet is window dressing and little else It seems to have finally dawned that it is time to put away childish things – the costumes, the photo ops, the posturing – and become a grown-up government Politics Chrystia Freeland appointed deputy prime minister: Here's what that means The job has a history of meaning different things under different PMs. In some cases it has seemed like a poisoned chalice, or a leash to keep a rival under control Federal laws at heart of western anger up for debate as Liberals begin outreach OTTAWA — Prime Minister Justin Trudeau quickly backed up his pledge for more dialogue with the West, opening his Thursday meeting with Calgary’s mayor up to the two members of his government now entrusted with being ambassadors to the region. Local News Teacher talks headed to conciliation A three-member conciliation board will attempt to break the impasse over compensation and class size and composition. Politics Moe watching for shift in policy, not personnel, as federal cabinet shuffled Saskatchewan's premier greeted the choice of Chrystia Freeland as deputy prime minister and intergovernmental affairs minister, saying he has a fairly strong working relationship with her. Local News Strategic metals on horizon as SRC looks for next 'big idea' SRC and the provincial government are backing efforts to develop rare earth and lithium industries in Saskatchewan. Local News Sask. Party not sounding alarm about Wexit electoral threat Insiders say they have not seen anything to suggest Wexit could be a major force in next year's provincial election. Politics Justin Trudeau unveils larger cabinet aimed at soothing regional tensions OTTAWA — Prime Minister Justin Trudeau unveiled Wednesday a larger cabinet that aims to advance Liberal campaign promises to tackle climate change and promote middle-class prosperity, while attempting to soothe regional tensions exacerbated by last month’s election outcome. Trudeau seeks to keep eyes on Prairies with new role for Winnipeg's Jim Carr OTTAWA — Prime Minister Justin Trudeau carved new roles in his government Wednesday designed to ensure voices on the Prairies are heard around a cabinet table that has scant representation from the region. Trudeau turns to B.C. MP with Saskatchewan roots to helm tricky climate ministry OTTAWA — Jonathan Wilkinson has been the minister of environment and climate change for less than 24 hours but the job is likely going to get harder from here. National Facing resurgent Bloc, Justin Trudeau expected to bolster Quebec in new cabinet In a surprise twist, Steven Guilbeault, a high profile environmentalist and new Liberal MP, will reportedly not be given an environment or climate change portfolio. Politics Canada's support for UN resolution condemning Israel 'occupation' blasted as 'Faustian bargain' The move marks a further departure between the U.S. and Canada on their posture toward Israel and a potential reversal of long-standing Canadian policy Rachel Notley ejected from the Alberta legislature for refusing to apologize EDMONTON — Alberta NDP Opposition Leader Rachel Notley has been kicked out of the legislature chamber after she refused to apologize for comments about the United Conservative government’s plan to fire the province’s election watchdog. Politics Here in the heartland of Alberta alienation, one 22-year-old sparked a Wexit prairie fire But why Wheatland County which comprises no more then 9,000 people? And why Jason Wilson, a young man from a ranching family whose Prairie roots go back to a time before Alberta became a province? Trudeau pressed to ensure less restrictive assisted-dying law a priority OTTAWA — Even before he swears in his new cabinet, Justin Trudeau is being urged to ask his new justice minister to move swiftly to make Canada’s assisted-dying law less restrictive. Election 2019 Teen with cancer whose viral video urged Canadians to vote has died WINNIPEG — A terminally ill cancer patient who recorded a video from her hospital bed that urged Canadians to vote has died, the teen’s family says. Local News Moe enlists Harper to help boost exports The province hopes to add 100,000 jobs over the next decade. Saskatchewan Sask. teachers declare impasse, ask for conciliation The STF president said he sees no other way forward as the two sides remain far apart on compensation and whether class sizes should even be on the table. Page 1 of 203 Connect With Us Election 2019 Election 2019 Was the federal election a case of the right product but the wrong packaging for ... Election 2019 'This isn’t just anger': Seven prominent voices assess the post-election mood out West Election 2019 Andrew Coyne: Sorry Albertchewan, cabinet ministers are supposed to be elected, not selected Election 2019 Chris Selley: Rethinking the shameless election, and how it was covered — damp squib and ... Close First Reading Newsletter Thank you for subscribing to Postmedia's Newsletter. Email By clicking "Submit", I consent to receiving the above communication from Postmedia Network Inc. I understand that I may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. Submit Weather Weather Currently Feels Like We want you to have the most accurate weather report you can. Please enter a valid postal code This Week's Flyers Latest Local News Local News 'Shocked and excited': Injured Bronco Ryan Straschnitzki at 'loss for words' over effect of spinal ... Local News Fatal house fire: Two dead in Pelican Narrows blaze Crime Mark Donlevy sentenced to 4 years for 6 sexual assaults while he was massage therapist News All News Local News Saskatchewan Politics National World Business All Business Local Business Energy Mining Mortgages Money Technology FP Markets Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Local Sports Hockey Football Baseball Basketball Golf Soccer MMA Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies Television Music Books Celebrity Life All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes Food Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Festivals Travel Bridges Puzzles & Comics 365 Bloor St East, Toronto, ON, M4W3L4, www.postmedia.com © 2019 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Classifieds Obits Careers Browse Classifieds Place an Ad Driving FlyerCity Local Directory Legal Privacy – Updated Terms Copyright Digital Ad Registry Services Advertise With Us Subscribe My Subscription Edit Profile Contact ePaper Digital Access Contests NIE Properties Calgary Herald Canada.com Edmonton Journal London Free Press Montreal Gazette National Post Ottawa Citizen Leader-Post (Regina) The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun Windsor Star Post to Cancel