Policies and Legal Information - W3C W3C Standards Participate Membership About W3C Site Navigation Facts About W3C Policies and Legal Information Skip W3C »  About W3C »  Facts About W3C »  Policies and Legal Information Policies and Legal Information On this page → copyrights for documents, software, tests  • trademarks • patents • privacy policies  • disclaimers W3C has established a framework of policies, terms and conditions that govern your interaction with the Web site and with the documents and services W3C provides. Please see below for W3C's Intellectual Rights Notices and Legal Disclaimers. Copyrights for Documents, Software, Tests W3C offers several licenses depending on the nature of the material, and whether derivative works are permitted. The Document License governs documents such as technical reports. See also the policy for relicensing unfinished W3C specifications The Software License governs distribution of W3C W3C Open Source Software and some other materials where creation of derivative works may be desired. The Test Suite Licenses governs the distribution of W3C test suites. There are two licenses, depending on whether you plan to modify the test cases. W3C encourages people to contribute to W3C test suites; contributors agree to the Test Case Contribution Policy. In Community and Business Groups, draft Specifications are governed by a W3C Community Contributor License Agreement (CLA). Participants then sign (voluntarily) a Final Specification Agreement. These agreements include both copyright and patent licensing provisions. See also information about translations of the copyright notice. Trademarks W3C trademarks and logos are governed by the trademark license. There are also some additional usage policies for some logos, such as the W3C logo usage policies. Patent Policy In February 2004, W3C adopted a Patent Policy to enable continued innovation and widespread adoption of Web standards developed by the World Wide Web Consortium. The W3C Patent Policy governs the handling of patents in the process of producing Web Standards. The goal of this policy is to assure that Recommendations produced under this policy can be implemented on a Royalty-Free (RF) basis. See the Patent Policy FAQ for additional information. Antitrust and Competition Guidance Please take the opportunity to review our antitrust and competition guidance. Privacy Policies The W3C Privacy sets expectations about how W3C will make use of information gathered during the course of your interactions with our Web site. W3C works to ensure that people can interact with the site with confidence. Please find below information about the W3C Intellectual Rights Notice, Legal Disclaimers, and more. Disclaimers Unless otherwise noted, all materials contained in this Site are copyrighted and may not be used except as provided in these terms and conditions or in the copyright notice (documents and software) or other proprietary notice provided with the relevant materials. The materials contained in the Site may be downloaded or copied provided that ALL copies retain the copyright and any other proprietary notices contained on the materials. No material may be modified, edited or taken out of context such that its use creates a false or misleading statement or impression as to the positions, statements or actions of W3C. The name and trademarks of copyright holders may NOT be used in advertising or publicity pertaining to the Web site, its content, specifications, or software without specific, written prior permission. Title to copyright in Web site documents will at all times remain with copyright holders. Use of W3C trademarks and service marks is covered by the W3C Trademark and Servicemark License. Caches of W3C materials should comply with the "maximum time to live" information provided with the materials. After such materials have expired they should not be served from caches without first validating the contents of the W3C Site. Organizations that want to mirror W3C content must abide by the W3C Mirroring Policy. Reporting Copyright Infringement If you are or represent a copyright owner and material on Web Platform Docs infringes your copyrights, you may file a notification of claimed infringement under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA). A notification of claimed infringement must be a written communication that includes: A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed. Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed. Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing and information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to locate the material— the page URL, including a more specific reference if only a portion of the page is claimed to be infringing. Information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to contact the complaining party, such as an address, telephone number, and, if available, an electronic mail address at which the complaining party may be contacted. A statement that the complaining party has a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law. A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed. Notifications of claimed infringement may be sent by email to copyright@w3.org or by mail to: Wendy Seltzer W3C (MIT/CSAIL) 105 Broadway, Bldg. NE36-7212 Cambridge, MA 02142 USA If you knowingly misrepresent that material or activity is infringing, you may be subject to liability for damages. Repeat Infringers It is site policy to terminate, in appropriate circumstances, the accounts of repeat infringers. General IPR FAQ Agreements Membership Collaborators Process Document Patent Policy Copyright and Trademark Document Software Test Suites Test Case Contributions Trademarks Trademark License Community and Business Group Agreements CLA Final Specification Web Site Privacy URI Persistence Mail Logos Mirroring Footer Navigation Navigation Home Standards Participate Membership About W3C Contact W3C Contact Help and FAQ Sponsor / Donate Site Map Feedback W3C Updates Copyright © 2018 W3C ® ( MIT , ERCIM , Keio, Beihang) Usage policies apply.