Postmedia Network Inc. Home Contact RSS Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Newsroom Investors Financial Reports Investor Releases Presentations Stock Quotes Governance Board of Directors Charter Documents Constating Documents Policies Senior Management Subscribe Advertising Brands Communities Dailies Specialty Publications Prev Next Postmedia Network Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of Postmedia Network Canada Corp. (TSX:PNC.A, PNC.B), is a Canadian newsmedia company representing more than 140 brands across multiple print, online, and mobile platforms. Award-winning journalists and innovative product development teams bring engaging content to millions of people every week whenever and wherever they want it. This exceptional content, reach and scope offers advertisers and marketers compelling solutions to effectively reach target audiences. With a storied past and an engaging presence, The Province is a bold, edgy and irreverent force in B.C. For over 110 years, we have been a premier source of news, sports, and entertainment. Published Sunday through Friday and daily online at theprovince.com, no issue is too big, small or complicated. If B.C. is your home, The Province is your newspaper. Built on the strength and tradition of the 111 year old Financial Post, National Post provides readers with comprehensive reporting from across the country and around the world, all with a distinctly Canadian voice. Extending its rich tradition of design leadership to the Web, nationalpost.com & financialpost.com, it delivers a more immediate, in-depth, and customizable news experience, with all the content and functionality today’s online readers demand. Since 1912, the Vancouver Sun has cast a watchful eye on the events, issues and politics of the day – all with a unique West Coast perspective. Publishing Monday through Saturday in print and daily online at vancouversun.com, we are proud to be B.C.’s largest newsroom and are dedicated to telling the stories of our vibrant community. The Calgary Herald is a living record of our city, its people and the events and issues that have shaped our community over 127 years. We are welcomed into the homes and lives of Calgarians and trusted with supporting our advertisers as they grow their businesses. The Herald takes our role in the community to heart. We are especially proud of such initiatives as the Calgary Herald Christmas Fund, our annual Raise-a-Reader literacy campaign, the Riverbank Rescue Project, and the new Calgary Greenway. Visit calgaryherald.com. The Edmonton Journal is the leading provider of award-winning local news and results-driven advertising for a fast-growing online and print audience in the heart of oil sands country. Passionate-observer, business-minded and community-involved, The Journal is the voice of Edmonton and northern Alberta. Visit edmontonjournal.com. For readers who want more than national headlines, the Leader-Post is the convenient and up to date news/information source that digs deeper into local matters. We help readers feel more confident and connected because we provide everything they need to know, when they need to know it. We provide advertisers integrated leading-edge advertising solutions delivered to an engaged and growing audience.Visit leaderpost.com. The StarPhoenix is proud to have served Saskatoon and area for 108 years. During that time, the newspaper has developed a strong bond with generations of readers. We are like family. They love us and scold us. We are where people come for local news and analysis. As technology evolves, we have become more than print product; we now provide our content on multiple platforms. No matter how they access us, constant is the trust and loyalty we have developed with our readers. Visit thestarphoenix.com. The Ottawa Citizen began as the Packet in 1845, and has continued as the first choice for news and information in Canada’s capital for over 165 years. In a global, media-rich environment, eight out of ten newspaper readers in Ottawa stay informed with the Citizen’s in-depth analysis of local, national and international news and events. The Citizen is a trusted source for news and entertainment that helps make sense and meaning of a complex world. Visit ottawacitizen.com. The Windsor Star has been the leading source of news and information for for Windsor & Essex County for more than 122 years. Fact is… The Windsor Star is Canada’s highest read metropolitan newspaper in print and on-line. Now with breaking news alerts, web updates all day long and “net news at noon”, readers stay up-to-date all day long until the next edition arrives on your doorstep.Visit windsorstar.com. The Montreal Gazette is one of the oldest newspapers in North America. It began as a French-language paper in 1778, and ultimately changed to an English language paper in 1822. Today, the Montreal Gazette is the dominant medium for serving and reaching Montreal’s large English market. Throughout the week, 52% of Montreal’s English population reads the Montreal Gazette*. It offers award-winning editorial content, such as the 2010 Michener Award honouring excellence in Canadian journalism, with a variety of sections and features from Monday to Saturday. It also has an important presence online with its main website, www.montrealgazette.com and a variety of digital products such as www.hockeyinsideout.com, and www.westislandgazette.com. The Montreal Gazette always aims to be credible, helpful, smart and open-minded. *(Source: Vividata 2015 / Q2 / 18+) The London Free Press is a daily newspaper with the largest circulation of any newspaper in Southwestern Ontario. It was founded in 1849 as a weekly newspaper, the Canadian Free Press. In 1855 the renamed London Free Press and Daily Western Advertiser became a daily. London-born publisher John Paton introduced a Sunday edition in 1997. Visit lfpress.com. On mobile, tablet and desktop, canada.com is the place for spirited discussion about the issues that are interesting and important to Canadians, and live chats with the biggest newsmakers in the country. Visit canada.com. Overview Toronto Calgary Edmonton Ottawa Winnipeg The first Sun newspaper was the Toronto Sun – published in 1971, immediately after the demise of the Toronto Telegram, a conservative broadsheet. The next Sun newspaper to begin publication was the Edmonton Sun in 1978, followed by the Calgary Sun and Winnipeg Sun in 1980, and the Ottawa Sun in 1988. The Toronto Sun was first published on November 1, 1971, immediately after the demise of the Toronto Telegram, a conservative broadsheet. As there was no publishing gap between the two papers and many writers and employees moved to the new paper, it is today generally considered as a direct continuation of the Telegram, and the Sun is the holder of the Telegram archives. Visit torontosun.com. The Calgary Sun is tabloid-format daily that was first published in 1980. It replaced the long-running tabloid-size newspaper, The Albertan soon after it was acquired by the publishers of the Toronto Sun.  The newspaper, like most of those in the Canadian Sun chain, is known for short, snappy news stories aimed primarily at working class readers. Visit calgarysun.com. The Edmonton Sun is a daily newspaper that began publishing in 1978 and shares many characteristics with Sun Media’s other tabloids, including an emphasis on local news stories, its conservative editorial stance and , extensive sports coverage. Visit edmontonsun.com. The Ottawa Sun is a daily tabloid newspaper that was first published in the early 1980s as the Ottawa Sunday Herald,. The first Sunday edition of the newly named Ottawa Sun was published on September 4, 1988 and the first daily edition appeared on November 7, 1988. Visit ottawasun.com. The Winnipeg Sun was first published on November 5, 1980. On May 10, 1999, the newspaper was relaunched, taking on an appearance consistent with the Toronto Sun, the Edmonton Sun, the Calgary Sun and the Ottawa Sun. Visit winnipegsun.com.   Canoe.com provides the latest news, sports and entertainment coverage. The Canoe Network includes information verticals such as News, Showbiz, Sports, Money, Lifestyle, Health, Travel, Autos and Tech. Visit canoe.com. Postmedia Solutions offers a full suite of Print & Digital Marketing solutions combined with integrated campaign tactics to maximize impact and investment. Leverage our powerful first party data for more effective targeting and retargeting on the Postmedia Network and beyond. From strategy consultation, development and execution to skilled optimization and unparalleled performance transparency, we work with you to understand your goals and implement a thoughtful marketing plan that fits your budget. Discover how Postmedia Solutions can help you grow your business. Visit postmediasolutions.com. TheGrowthOp.com provides a comprehensive source of current information on cannabis for industry professionals, investors and consumers to inform, educate and connect readers to this economy. Healthing.ca is a premier destination to inform, educate and connect readers to the latest healthcare news and issues that matter most to Canadians. Along with stories from Postmedia’s award-winning health writers, healthing.ca brings together information and resources from healthcare institutions, patient groups, industry researchers and clinicians, curated by disease. Latest Corporate News Postmedia launches Healthing.ca November 6, 2019 (Toronto, ON) — Postmedia Network Inc. (“Postmedia”) today announced the launch of healthing.ca, a source of verified healthcare information for consumers, caregivers and practitioners. “Healthcare issues touch the lives of every single Canadian, and healthcare topics are some of the best-read material in all our markets,” said Lucinda Chodan, Senior Vice President […] Postmedia Reports Fourth Quarter Results October 24, 2019 (TORONTO) – Postmedia Network Canada Corp. (“Postmedia” or the “Company”) today released financial information for the three months and year ended August 31, 2019. Management’s Discussion and Analysis Consolidated Financial Statements Highlights from the Quarter Continued digital growth – Eleventh consecutive quarter of double digit digital advertising revenue growth – up 10.8%. […] Introducing Postmedia Studio – A New Media Production Space October 23, 2019 (Toronto, ON) — Postmedia Network Inc. (“Postmedia”) is pleased to introduce Postmedia Studio, a new multifunctional media production space located at Postmedia Place, 365 Bloor Street East in Toronto. Whether it’s podcasts, videos or live-streams, Postmedia Studio has everything you need to bring your multimedia production to life. “The creation of Postmedia Studio […] Postmedia Announces the Closing of Refinancing Transaction September 9, 2019 (TORONTO) – Postmedia Network Canada Corp. today announced that its wholly-owned subsidiary Postmedia Network Inc. (“PNI” and together with PNCC, “Postmedia”) has closed the previously announced refinancing transaction resulting in the: (i) issuance of $95.2 million of new first lien notes, maturing July 2023, at the existing first lien notes rate by […] Postmedia Announces Refinancing Transaction August 9, 2019 (TORONTO) – Postmedia Network Canada Corp. (“PNCC” or the “Company”) today announced that it has signed commitments for a refinancing transaction (the “Refinancing”) in respect of its wholly-owned subsidiary Postmedia Network Inc. (“PNI” and together with PNCC, “Postmedia”) that will result in the: (i) issuance of $95.2 million of new first lien […] Investor News    All Corporate News Postmedia Network National Post The Province (Vancouver) The Vancouver Sun Edmonton Journal Calgary Herald Leader-Post (Regina) The StarPhoenix (Saskatoon) The Windsor Star Ottawa Citizen Montreal Gazette Toronto Sun Calgary Sun Edmonton Sun Ottawa Sun Winnipeg Sun The London Free Press canada.com canoe.com Flyer Force Careers @ Postmedia Terms of Use | Privacy - Updated | Forward-Looking Information | Copyright | Contact ©2019 Postmedia Network Canada Corp. All rights reserved.