Raptors avoid last-shot drama but still get huge win over Sixers | Windsor Star	 Skip to navigation Skip to content News All News Local News National Election 2019 World Traffic Business All Business Local Business Energy Technology All Technology Gaming Internet Personal Tech Science Space Tech-Biz FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Hockey All Hockey NHL Detroit Red Wings Toronto Maple Leafs Football All Football NFL Detroit Lions CFL Baseball All Baseball Detroit Tigers Basketball All Basketball NBA NCAA Windsor Express Golf Golf Videos Soccer All Soccer International Soccer MLS Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies All Movies Movie Listings Television All Television TV Listings Music All Music NP Music Books Celebrity Life Milestones All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes All Homes Condos Decorating Gardening Renovating Vacation Homes Food All Food Local Food Reviews Recipes From the Vault Health All Health Diet & Fitness Family & Child Men Women Seniors Sexual Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Travel Obits Classifieds All Classifieds Flyercity Celebrating Browse Listings Place a Classifieds Ad Local Directory Careers Driving All Driving News Reviews Car Comparison Buyer’s Guide Subscription Sports Basketball NBA |Featured: Library Strike Fit Tips Kelly Steele Windsor In Pictures | More Open Search Close Search Search Videos Sign In Sign Out Subscribe Raptors avoid last-shot drama but still get huge win over Sixers Ryan Wolstat Updated: November 26, 2019 Toronto Raptors’ Pascal Siakam loses the handle on the ball while being defended by Philadelphia 76ers’ Ben Simmons at the Scotiabank Arena in Toronto on Monday, November 25, 2019. (Ernest Doroszuk/Toronto Sun) Share Adjust Comment Print Unlike the game which preceded it six months ago, there would be no historic shot in Monday’s meeting between the Raptors and Sixers. But it was still a heck of a basketball game and once again, the Raptors triumphed, this time 101-96. There were two Cameroon-born superstars on the court, but they had completely different evenings. Philadelphia’s Joel Embiid had the worst game of his career, missing all 11 shot attempts, plus three more free throws tries and was held scoreless. Pascal Siakam, on the other hand, sealed the game with a pretty spinning drive around Al Horford and over Embiid and finished with 25 points and seven assists as the Raptors improved to 12-4 compared to the 11-6 visitors. Fred VanVleet, who struggled throughout last year’s seven-game classic against Philadelphia, which of course was won by Kawhi Leonard’s thrilling shot, was excellent with 24 points and eight assists. Rondae Hollis-Jefferson added 16 off of the bench for the depleted Raptors, who were without Kyle Lowry, Serge Ibaka and a few other players. Josh Richardson led Philadelphia with 25, Tobias Harris added 18. Embiid credited the Raptors players and coaching staff for ruining his evening and took the blame for the goose egg. “I was definitely not fatigued (Philadelphia was playing its fourth game in six nights). Obviously their defensive scheme, they were trying to make sure I did not touch the ball and they forced me into a lot of tough shots,” Embiid said. “But it didn’t matter, pick-and-roll, Marc (Gasol, a rock defensively despite his own off-night from the field) being tough on the picks I was setting and on the post obviously they were doubling from the time the ball was in the air. And when you’re not making shots, it’s tough,” he said. Share (PHOTOS) Raptors defeat 76ers 101-96 Tumblr Pinterest Reddit LinkedIn Email GALLERY: (PHOTOS) Raptors defeat 76ers 101-96 Toronto Raptors during 1st half action against Philadelphia 76ers at the Scotiabank Arena in Toronto, Ont. on Monday November 25, 2019. Ernest Doroszuk/Toronto Sun/Postmedia Toronto Raptors Kyle Lowry during 1st half against Philadelphia 76ers at the Scotiabank Arena in Toronto, Ont. on Monday November 25, 2019. Ernest Doroszuk/Toronto Sun/Postmedia Toronto Raptors OG Anunoby during 1st half action against Philadelphia 76ers at the Scotiabank Arena in Toronto, Ont. on Monday November 25, 2019. Ernest Doroszuk/Toronto Sun/Postmedia Toronto Raptors Pascal Siakam during 1st half action against Philadelphia 76ers Ben Simmons at the Scotiabank Arena in Toronto, Ont. on Monday November 25, 2019. Ernest Doroszuk/Toronto Sun/Postmedia Toronto Raptors Marc Gasol during 1st half action against Philadelphia 76ers Tobias Harris at the Scotiabank Arena in Toronto, Ont. on Monday November 25, 2019. Ernest Doroszuk/Toronto Sun/Postmedia Toronto Raptors Fred VanVleet during 1st half action against Philadelphia 76ers Al Horford at the Scotiabank Arena in Toronto, Ont. on Monday November 25, 2019. Ernest Doroszuk/Toronto Sun/Postmedia Toronto Raptors Kyle Lowry talking with player during a break in action during the 1st half against Philadelphia 76ers at the Scotiabank Arena in Toronto, Ont. on Monday November 25, 2019. Ernest Doroszuk/Toronto Sun/Postmedia Toronto Raptors Marc Gasol during 1st half action against Philadelphia 76ers Joel Emblid at the Scotiabank Arena in Toronto, Ont. on Monday November 25, 2019. Ernest Doroszuk/Toronto Sun/Postmedia Toronto Raptors Marc Gasol (left) and Chris Boucher grab for the ball during 1st half action against Philadelphia 76ers at the Scotiabank Arena in Toronto, Ont. on Monday November 25, 2019. Ernest Doroszuk/Toronto Sun/Postmedia Toronto Raptors Marc Gasol (left) and Chris Boucher grab for the ball during 1st half action against Philadelphia 76ers at the Scotiabank Arena in Toronto, Ont. on Monday November 25, 2019. Ernest Doroszuk/Toronto Sun/Postmedia Toronto Raptors Pascal Siakam during 1st half action against Philadelphia 76ers at the Scotiabank Arena in Toronto, Ont. on Monday November 25, 2019. Ernest Doroszuk/Toronto Sun/Postmedia “It starts with me. I can’t have this type of production,” Embiid said. “I would have never thought that I would be here, talking about zero points in an NBA game, but here’s what it is. Some nights you make shots, some nights you don’t. Some nights you’re hot, some nights you’re cold.” The game had a big-time atmosphere and though it started slowly, the second half certainly gave the fans their money’s worth. Toronto took a 51-49 lead into the half, trailed by a point after three were down by a bucket with 1:22 remaining before Siakam went to work and Ben Simmons made a brutal long pass attempt that was picked up by the Raptors. VanVleet was fouled out of desperation, sank both free throws and that was that: Another impressive Raptors victory. “I think we ended it with eight consecutive stops to end the game, that’s pretty good, especially in a close game like that,” said Raptors head coach Nick Nurse. That followed a strong defensive finish to close out the Atlanta Hawks on Saturday night. How have the Raptors been doing it? “Just being physical with them, not giving them easy shots, obviously making it tough for Embiid to catch it, or anything like that, and they made a lot of threes, so we made sure we got out on shooters, make them bounce it, so I think that’s what we did at the end there to get the stops that we needed,” Siakam said. HARD TO MEASURE This was one of the more anticipated games of the season so far, given what transpired six months ago, but Nurse said it was hard to see it as a true measuring stick. With the Raptors still missing Lowry,  Ibaka and other players, this isn’t the full group. “Obviously, you’d like to measure a little bit more with your full complement of guys, but this is what we got, and this is what we got to measure against, and we still expect to go out there and compete really well,” Nurse said before the game. “Some of these younger guys, or new guys, it’s a test to see how they’ll match up with a team that’s obviously going to be in the hunt for the Eastern Conference championship at the end of the year. They’ll be somebody that you have to go through if you want to get to the NBA finals, so it’ll be interesting to see how some of these guys that haven’t seen these guys, or matched up with them before, see how they match up and play.” Rookie Terence Davis and green big man Chris Boucher didn’t seemed overwhelmed at all. Davis again produced off of the bench, while Boucher did his usual work providing energy and offensive rebounding and also nearly had a good block on Embiid. BIG VS. NOT AS BIG The new-look Sixers have size to spare, with veteran Al Horford combining with Embiid, one of the NBA’s most massive players, along with Simmons, the league’s tallest point guard, and others. When at full strength, Toronto has a lot of size and bulk, but on Monday, Nurse had to try to find some solutions so that his team did not get overpowered. Foul trouble for VanVleet also forced the team to get creative with the way the Raptors ran the attack when he was out of the game (namely point guard by committee, with Siakam and Gasol doing a lot of the creating). “One thing is you’ve got to play a little bigger. You end up playing a little bit different lineups than maybe you can get away with in other games, I guess, or you use in other games,” Nurse said. “They have a bunch of guys that can post up, so it gives you a chance to switch some things and not be mismatched all night, and letting them post from multiple positions.” Even against the previous edition of the Sixers, the Raptors found success in the playoffs by playing Gasol and Ibaka at the same time as the keys to a big lineup. Nurse said it’s important to be flexible with lineups. “I think it’s good to be able to small and it’s good to be able to play big, play a variety of ways depending on what the game, series, or within the course of the game calls for,” he said. NEW DIMENSION FOR GAME-PLANNING Siakam’s development as a shooter has been one of the early stories of the season not only for the Raptors, but for the league as a whole. “I mean it’s certainly added another layer to game planning for the Raptors and him for sure,” Sixers coach Brett Brown said. “I think his shot, the ability to grow his shot, kind of all over the floor now, this career path started in the corner and now it’s grown to other areas. “He’s a proactive, Giannis-type player that’s pushing the ball and his shot is the thing that is really making him most dangerous lately and I think Nick has done a good job of putting him in a position to be talked about in scouting a lot.” Brown was asked how long Siakam would have to keep connecting with his jump shots before the Sixers trusted that his new-found success was real. “I don’t know if there is a cookie-cutter answer, I will tell you we have respect for his shot,” he said. Siakam did most of his damage on Monday from inside, but also hit a pair of three-pointers. rwolstat@postmedia.com twitter.com/WolstatSun Windsor fans pose with Toronto Raptors championship trophy This Week's Flyers Comments Postmedia is pleased to bring you a new commenting experience. We are committed to maintaining a lively but civil forum for discussion and encourage all readers to share their views on our articles. Comments may take up to an hour for moderation before appearing on the site. We ask you to keep your comments relevant and respectful. Visit our Community Guidelines for more information. Sign in to Comment Connect With Us Most Popular Now Pussycat Dolls’ raunchy ‘nearly naked’ reunion sparks 400 complaints | Windsor Star Amherstburg Diageo workers ratify 3-year contract | Windsor Star Local home sale prices expected to make another big hike in 2020 | Windsor Star Reader letter: Most people are doing nothing about climate change | Windsor Star Pete Davidson makes fans sign $1M NDA at his comedy shows: Report | Windsor Star Flood watch issued for Windsor-Essex | Windsor Star Guest column: Development versus heritage — Kingsville’s dilemma | Windsor Star Weather Weather Currently Feels Like We want you to have the most accurate weather report you can. Please enter a valid postal code Traffic Share this story Raptors avoid last-shot drama but still get huge win over Sixers Facebook Twitter Reddit Email Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn News All News Local News National World Traffic Business All Business Local Business Energy Technology FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Hockey Football Baseball Basketball Golf Soccer Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies Television Music Books Celebrity Life Milestones All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes Food From the Vault Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Travel 365 Bloor St East, Toronto, ON, M4W3L4, www.postmedia.com © 2019 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Classifieds Obits Careers Browse Classifieds Place a Classified Ad Celebrating Driving FlyerCity Local Directory Legal Privacy – Updated Terms Copyright & Permissions Digital Ad Registry Services Advertise With Us Subscribe My Subscription Edit Profile Contact ePaper Digital Access Contests Partnerships Properties Calgary Herald Canada.com Edmonton Journal London Free Press Montreal Gazette National Post Ottawa Citizen Leader-Post (Regina) The StarPhoenix (Saskatoon) The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun