Saskatoon Local News, Happenings & Updates  | Saskatoon StarPhoenix	 Skip to navigation Skip to content News All News Local News Saskatchewan Politics Election 2019 National World Business All Business Local Business Energy Mining Mortgages Money Technology All Technology Gaming Internet Personal Tech Science Space Tech-Biz FP Markets Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Local Sports All Local Sports U of S Huskies Saskatoon Hilltops Hockey All Hockey NHL Saskatoon Blades Football All Football CFL Saskatchewan Roughriders NFL Baseball Basketball All Basketball NBA NCAA Golf Golf Videos Soccer All Soccer International Soccer MLS MMA Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies Television All Television TV Listings Music All Music NP Music Books Celebrity Life All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes All Homes Buying & Selling Condos Decorating Gardening Renovating Vacation Homes Living Spaces Food All Food Local Food Reviews Recipes Health All Health Diet & Fitness Family & Child Men Women Seniors Sexual Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Festivals Travel Bridges Puzzles & Comics Obits Classifieds All Classifieds Flyercity Celebrating Browse Listings Place a Classifieds Ad Local Directory Careers Driving All Driving News Reviews Car Comparison Buyer’s Guide Subscription News Local News |Featured: Columnists | More Open Search Close Search Search Videos Sign In Sign Out Subscribe Fatal house fire: Two dead in Pelican Narrows blaze Mark Donlevy sentenced to 4 years for 6 sexual assaults while he was massage therapist Premiers meet outside Toronto; Saskatchewan signs memo for nuclear reactors 'Shocked and excited': Injured Bronco Ryan Straschnitzki at 'loss for words' over effect of spinal ... Years of service: WWII veteran gets award for 75 years with legion Saskatchewan had second-highest homicide rate among provinces last year, Stats Can reports Saskatoon police to roll out new mobile impaired driver testing van in new year Ditch the drinks: Five alternative alcohol-free holiday parties Backlog growing at information commissioner's office Mark Donlevy to learn sentence for sexual assaults of six massage clients Braid: Andrew Scheer and the two big Conservative fears DivaCup improving lives around the world UCP members show overwhelming support for ideas to give Alberta more autonomy Regina police and coroner investigating after man found dead Sunday morning The Regina Police Service (RPS) is investigating after a man was found dead on a North Central street early Sunday morning.  Milestones align: Agribition's 50th show to start on same day as its first Photos: Sundog remains one of Saskatoon's top holiday attractions Divided, we vote: Saskatoon city council carries on with 6-5 margins Ivy Li sees silver linings in Beijing's trade wall Public lecture discusses discovery of world's best-preserved armored dinosaur Sewage treatment plant tops list of needs as P.A. prepares for federal budget Man hospitalized following break-in, assault in Saskatoon Local Business New Faces New Places: Suicide support group helps those left behind "Survivor's guilt is tremendous for parents. On top of that, there comes a point in your grieving process where you realize that you have to save yourself from the same thing that killed your child and that is incredibly difficult to do alone." Local Business Regina Airbnb and HomeAway rentals grow rapidly; rake in $2.5M so far this year Local Business New Faces New Places: Electrician ready to upgrade your house with home automation Local News Government unwilling to reopen diamond mine consultations James Smith Cree Nation is renewing its call for the province to come back to the table, a year after it approved the proposed mine near Prince Albert. Local News Federated Co-op to close warehouse, lay off 200 workers after Calgary Co-op changes suppliers Job losses come as a result of Calgary Co-op's decision last August to source groceries from a private wholesaler columnists Collective Voice: What I learned from failing Tank: Real buffer lies between data and Saskatoon's bizarre bike rule Mandryk: Sask. Party won't reveal what's behind investment fund losses Kohlman: Caramelized Cranberry and Brie Tarts More Local News Local News KCTI to open bus route from Prince Albert to Saskatoon KCTI started operating a five-day-a-week Saskatoon-to-Edmonton line last November. The results were promising enough that the company decided to open a second route, from Prince Albert to Saskatoon. Local News Chamber of commerce finds Saskatoon budget 'extremely disappointing' The chamber's CEO issued a statement criticizing city council for adding to the property tax burden. Local News Province, Wanuskewin Heritage Park sign deal on land access Wanuskewin will get interim access to land purchased as part of planning for the Saskatoon Freeway project linking Highway 11 and Highway 7. Local News Thousands expected at annual Sundog arts, entertainment festival This year's event is expected to attract more than 14,000 people over three days. Saskatchewan Man dies after crash between semi and car near Eatonia, Sask. A 34-year-old man has died in hospital after a collision between a semi truck and car on a highway near Eatonia on Thursday. Politics Dustin Duncan aims for message of hope at Regina youth climate strike "There is still lots of reason to hope,” Dustin Duncan said, quoting Craig Kielburger. Local News Ninth Street barricade lowers traffic, Saskatoon city hall study shows City hall report says a permanent barricade in Nutana neighbourhood would 'provide a benefit' Local News 'It's an old friend': Historic Sask. newspaper up for grabs for $1 The Davidson Leader is available for $1, and a commitment to keep serving the 116-year-old newspaper's readers. Local News Saskatoon police warn Christmas shoppers to keep theft prevention in mind Police said shoppers should be aware of where they store their purchases while out shopping, noting it is safer to lock purchases in the trunk of a vehicle or have them stored out of view. Saskatchewan Canora man wanted on sex assault charges A Canada-wide arrest warrant has been issued for a Canora man wanted in connection with multiple sex crimes.  Local News Downtown Saskatoon arena site list expected in January or February City hall has committed to engagement with residents on location for entertainment district Local News Snowbirds aerobatics team returning to Saskatchewan after crash in U.S. Military investigators are still trying to determine why one of the Snowbirds' famous Tutor aircraft crashed on Oct. 13 prior to an airshow at the Atlanta Speedway in Georgia. Local News 'Just still so surreal': Saskatoon woman wins $1.3M jackpot at Gold Eagle Casino Debbie Vidal is the latest winner of the Saskatchewan Indian Gaming Authority's Smoke Signals jackpot, claiming $1,333,974.82 on Monday at Gold Eagle Casino in North Battleford. Local News Elves to bombard bar patrons with condoms Friday night in annual blitz "Usually the top response we get are guys saying 'It's too small!'"  Local News Business licences loom for short-term online rentals in Saskatoon The options city politicians will consider include an outright ban on renting properties not occupied by host Local News 'My wallet or my health': Saskatchewan patients call for insulin pump funding "This sounds weird, but I really don't have a Plan B if it fails. I don't know what I'd do." Local News 'If you're out there Donald, come home': P.A. mother desperate to locate missing son Donald Arthur Light, 31, "gave no indication of being unhappy. He gave me a hug and a kiss and said, 'I'm going for a walk. I'll see you in a while,' and went out," mother Kelly Pickering said. Local News Government to spend more on international trade trips: Harrison The Saskatchewan NDP wants the government to be more transparent about its ministers' travel, both at home and abroad. Page 1 of 1847 Connect With Us Latest National News Huawei's Meng Wanzhou thanks supporters for 'warmth' and 'kindness' on first anniversary of arrest Ontario introduces bill that would protect farmers from animal rights activists, raise trespassing fines Alberta university students want lecturer who denies Ukrainian famine fired Weather Weather Currently Feels Like We want you to have the most accurate weather report you can. Please enter a valid postal code This Week's Flyers Latest World News National Why Canada would be directly in the way of a North Korean nuclear war If Kim Jong-Un was to launch a strike at New York City, the intercontinental ballistic missile would pass directly over Ottawa World Most trusted man in freediving drowns after rescuing friend in 26-metre underwater tunnel Freediving, the sport of swimming to extreme depths on a single breath, was crippled last month by the death of a man perpetually in the background World Watch a rhino charge cars on an Indian road while passengers calmly narrate the chaos 'Damn. Look at the size of the thing' News All News Local News Saskatchewan Politics National World Business All Business Local Business Energy Mining Mortgages Money Technology FP Markets Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Local Sports Hockey Football Baseball Basketball Golf Soccer MMA Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies Television Music Books Celebrity Life All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes Food Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Festivals Travel Bridges Puzzles & Comics 365 Bloor St East, Toronto, ON, M4W3L4, www.postmedia.com © 2019 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Classifieds Obits Careers Browse Classifieds Place an Ad Driving FlyerCity Local Directory Legal Privacy – Updated Terms Copyright Digital Ad Registry Services Advertise With Us Subscribe My Subscription Edit Profile Contact ePaper Digital Access Contests NIE Properties Calgary Herald Canada.com Edmonton Journal London Free Press Montreal Gazette National Post Ottawa Citizen Leader-Post (Regina) The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun Windsor Star Post to Cancel