Saskatoon Local Business | News, Trends and Reports  | Saskatoon StarPhoenix	 Skip to navigation Skip to content News All News Local News Saskatchewan Politics Election 2019 National World Business All Business Local Business Energy Mining Mortgages Money Technology All Technology Gaming Internet Personal Tech Science Space Tech-Biz FP Markets Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Local Sports All Local Sports U of S Huskies Saskatoon Hilltops Hockey All Hockey NHL Saskatoon Blades Football All Football CFL Saskatchewan Roughriders NFL Baseball Basketball All Basketball NBA NCAA Golf Golf Videos Soccer All Soccer International Soccer MLS MMA Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies Television All Television TV Listings Music All Music NP Music Books Celebrity Life All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes All Homes Buying & Selling Condos Decorating Gardening Renovating Vacation Homes Living Spaces Food All Food Local Food Reviews Recipes Health All Health Diet & Fitness Family & Child Men Women Seniors Sexual Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Festivals Travel Bridges Puzzles & Comics Obits Classifieds All Classifieds Flyercity Celebrating Browse Listings Place a Classifieds Ad Local Directory Careers Driving All Driving News Reviews Car Comparison Buyer’s Guide Subscription Business Local Business |Featured: Top Employers | More Open Search Close Search Search Videos Sign In Sign Out Subscribe New Faces New Places: Suicide support group helps those left behind "Survivor's guilt is tremendous for parents. On top of that, there comes a point in your grieving process where you realize that you have to save yourself from the same thing that killed your child and that is incredibly difficult to do alone." Local Business Regina Airbnb and HomeAway rentals grow rapidly; rake in $2.5M so far this year Local Business New Faces New Places: Electrician ready to upgrade your house with home automation Local News Government unwilling to reopen diamond mine consultations Local News Federated Co-op to close warehouse, lay off 200 workers after Calgary Co-op changes suppliers Local News Lowe's in Regina Northgate Mall closing amid Canada-wide store closures Local News Saskatoon vegan restaurant Gud Eats expanding to Regina, acquired by Leo's Group Local News James Smith Cree Nation wants to re-open diamond mine talks with province Local Business WestJet aims to grow Indigenous tourism with one-of-a-kind partnership New Faces New Places: Easy, trash-free diapering with Pop + Tot Rio Tinto exercises diamond mine options early Sask. businesses heading to Europe to expand markets Safeway workers ratify collective agreement for FreshCo transition New Faces New Places: Fresh locally sourced meat is key at Pig and Pantry "We do all kinds of varieties and different flavours (of sausages.) We've got a Thai (option), we do roast garlic — the rule is anything but farmer sausage — but we are really using sausage as a vessel for flavour." Canadian farmers slow to warm to AI, automation Despite beef breakthrough, hurdles remain to end Chinese ban on canola Mosaic union 'concerned' about decision to move equipment from shuttered mine New Faces New Places: A restaurant with options for all More Local Business Safeway employees to vote on new contract amid FreshCo conversion Petrow: It doesn't take much to support local businesses in Saskatoon Farmers, potash miners watching as railway workers vote for strike action New Faces New Places: Put your best skin forward with help from Starz Laser Local News Saskatoon home prices, sales to stabilize, but risks remain: CMHC Canada's mortgage insurer's latest forecast depends on employment and income growth remaining strong. Local News Sask. government ponders nuclear power Premier Scott Moe says growing concern over emissions has changed the conversation around nuclear power; at least one expert disagrees. Local News BHP eyes Jansen potash mine decision by early 2021 The Anglo-Australian company's board of directors is expected to decide whether to proceed with the mine east of Saskatoon. Local Business New Faces New Places: A space for Saskatoon's women to grow personally and professionally "When you remove comparison and competition, then women do really well." Local News Heart of Riversdale initiative aims to bridge community through nourishment The market and café aim to break social and financial barriers that prevent people from accessing food, support and community. Local Business New Faces New Places: New parkour gym will have you flipping off the walls "I hear a lot of people say. 'I need to get in shape before I go do parkour.' But there is nothing that will get you in shape for parkour other than doing parkour. Local News Sask. entrepreneur hopes 'space invader' tech will reshape ag industry Precision.ai wants to replace conventional crop sprayers with a fleet of AI- and sprayer-equipped drones. Local Business New Faces New Places: A shop that supplies fun and nostalgia "We wanted to bring more of a family-friendly venue with some very popular media-related products that you can't find anywhere else." Local News Susan Jones out, Ken Seitz in as head of Nutrien potash operations Susan Jones was seen by some as a potential heir to Nutrien Ltd. CEO Chuck Magro. Local News K+S plans production cut, but no layoffs expected An industry analyst says recent curtailments could be a negotiating tactic and producers making room for new production on the market. Local Business New Faces New Places: Outdoor adventures guaranteed to bring kids joy "We call it the hummingbird method. We kind of swoop in and swoop out if we have to say anything to the kids, but we really give kids lots of time and space to try to work out things by themselves and try things by themselves." Local News Uranium company bursaries help northern students NexGen Energy Ltd. is giving educational bursaries worth a total of $120,000 to six students from the La Loche, Sask. area. Local News Nutrien to temporarily shut down three Saskatchewan potash mines The eight-week shutdowns are expected to affect between 600 and 700 miners. Local News Government rings alarm bells over oilfield slowdown Drilling activity is down for the first time since 2014 and the province says more than 2,000 oil and gas jobs have been lost over the last year. Local Business Province working 'urgently' to get Airbnb to start charging PST in Sask. Since early this year, the province has been trying to get Airbnb to start collecting PST. Local News New Orano CEO to spend more time making the case for nuclear power Jim Corman is returning to Saskatchewan to head the French mining company's Canadian division after several years working in Paris. Local Business New Faces New Places: A supportive fitness community with something for everyone If you're looking for a workout atmosphere that feels like family, no matter your age or skill level, We Move may just be the place for you. Local Business New Faces New Places: Vegan option tastes too good to be true "Initially we did not advertise ourselves as a vegan or a plant-based eatery, so people would come in and try something and say, 'Oh the chicken is so delicious,' and we'd reply, 'That's not chicken. It's created from wheat and soy.' They would be so surprised. We get that a lot. Sometimes people aren't that open to try vegan stuff." Page 1 of 131 Connect With Us Energy News China Plans Infrastructure Boom for Yangtze River Delta Columnists Smith: Indoctrination in Alberta's classrooms must stop Energy The prospects for oil markets aren't all bad — but Canada needs to get out ... Weather Weather Currently Feels Like We want you to have the most accurate weather report you can. Please enter a valid postal code News All News Local News Saskatchewan Politics National World Business All Business Local Business Energy Mining Mortgages Money Technology FP Markets Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Local Sports Hockey Football Baseball Basketball Golf Soccer MMA Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies Television Music Books Celebrity Life All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes Food Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Festivals Travel Bridges Puzzles & Comics 365 Bloor St East, Toronto, ON, M4W3L4, www.postmedia.com © 2019 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Classifieds Obits Careers Browse Classifieds Place an Ad Driving FlyerCity Local Directory Legal Privacy – Updated Terms Copyright Digital Ad Registry Services Advertise With Us Subscribe My Subscription Edit Profile Contact ePaper Digital Access Contests NIE Properties Calgary Herald Canada.com Edmonton Journal London Free Press Montreal Gazette National Post Ottawa Citizen Leader-Post (Regina) The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun Windsor Star Post to Cancel