Saskatoon StarPhoenix ePaper Toggle navigation Publication Features Pricing Apps Postmedia ePapers View Today's Edition Enjoy a full-featured replica of the Saskatoon StarPhoenix on your tablet, smartphone or laptop. ePaper is a replica with all the stories, photos and artwork intact. The easy-to-use interface lets you flip leisurely through the pages like a newspaper, or conduct custom searches and share articles. Download the ePaper and read it anywhere. On your commute, at your favourite coffee shop or at home. Activate Subscribe Try Now Already an ePaper Subscriber? Enjoy a full-featured replica of the Saskatoon StarPhoenix on your tablet, smartphone or laptop. Sign in Sign out Take a look at our features Our ePapers are full of interactive features to engage and delight news lovers. Each publication includes several features that enhance your reading and sharing experience. DOWNLOAD Download your ePaper on your tablet, smartphone or laptop, and read it anywhere. OFFLINE Once your ePaper is downloaded you don't need wi-fi. You can read it anywhere, even on your commute. LISTEN You can even have articles read out to you while you’re busy doing other things. COMMENT Post your comments on articles you agree or disagree with. SHARE Share articles or images you enjoy with family and friends. ALERT Receive an email alert as soon as the current issue of the paper is available. Activate under "My Services" » "My Publications". BACK ISSUES Remember that great article you read yesterday but forgot to bookmark? You can still read it through the calendar located above your publication. SUPPLEMENTS Wondering where your newspaper supplements are? Click the button ≡ followed by Publications to see a list of all available supplements. PLATFORM-WIDE Want to access your favourite newspaper/magazine on your mobile device? Download the app and log in with your credentials. Subscription Pricing Options Choose how you want to experience the Saskatoon StarPhoenix. You can upgrade or cancel any time. Current Saskatoon StarPhoenix Print Subscribers (* included). Saskatoon StarPhoenix ePaperSubscription $9.99 / month or $99.99 / year Buy Now ► Postmedia ePaperSubscription $24.99 / month or $249.99 / year Buy Now ► Saskatoon StarPhoenix ePaper14 Day Risk Free Trial $0. 00 / 14 days Buy Now ► Single IssuePurchase $1. 99 / issue Buy Now ► ACCESS OUR PUBLICATIONS ON ANY DEVICE Download our apps, sign in with your ePaper credentials and read your news daily on any device. iOS ANDROID WINDOWS BLACKBERRY Postmedia ePapers © 2018 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved.