Saskatoon Vacation Homes for Rent  | Saskatoon StarPhoenix	 Skip to navigation Skip to content News All News Local News Saskatchewan Politics Election 2019 National World Business All Business Local Business Energy Mining Mortgages Money Technology All Technology Gaming Internet Personal Tech Science Space Tech-Biz FP Markets Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Local Sports All Local Sports U of S Huskies Saskatoon Hilltops Hockey All Hockey NHL Saskatoon Blades Football All Football CFL Saskatchewan Roughriders NFL Baseball Basketball All Basketball NBA NCAA Golf Golf Videos Soccer All Soccer International Soccer MLS MMA Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies Television All Television TV Listings Music All Music NP Music Books Celebrity Life All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes All Homes Buying & Selling Condos Decorating Gardening Renovating Vacation Homes Living Spaces Food All Food Local Food Reviews Recipes Health All Health Diet & Fitness Family & Child Men Women Seniors Sexual Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Festivals Travel Bridges Puzzles & Comics Obits Classifieds All Classifieds Flyercity Celebrating Browse Listings Place a Classifieds Ad Local Directory Careers Driving All Driving News Reviews Car Comparison Buyer’s Guide Subscription Life Homes Vacation Homes |Featured: StarPhoenix Sporting Christmas Canada's growing obesity crisis TheGrowthOp: Cannabis in Canada Saskatchewan Rush New Faces Election 2019 Cannabis Broncos bus crash Videos The Royals Follow the Money People Project Spotlight | More Open Search Close Search Search Videos Sign In Sign Out Subscribe More Stories Homes Hospital Home Lottery cottage offers unique modern look at cottage life Homes feature for July 27 on the Hospital Home Lottery cottage at Candle Lake. Feature is 736 words with 8 photos. Homes 'Vision and integrity': Vivo Resorts focuses on quality of life When former Edmonton Oiler hockey star Kevin Lowe started dating Olympic skier Karen Percy, one of the people he met was her fellow Canadian ski team member, Cary Mullen. Vacation Homes Canadian snowbirds will face higher insurance costs even if unscathed by Irma MONTREAL — Canadian snowbirds who were lucky enough to escape property damage from hurricane Irma will still face higher costs as insurance providers jack up premiums and condo associations levy special assessments, say Florida insurance experts. Vacation Homes 25 facts about life at the lake – a Saskatchewan obsession Saskatchewan residents love life at the lake in the summer. Here are some fun and important facts about this obsession. Vacation Homes Checklist for that beach house rental: Bring your own tongs REHOBOTH, Del. - My husband and I have vacationed at the beach in Rehoboth, Delaware, with our dogs for many years. We always stayed at a pet-friendly inn, except for one weekend at a condo. Nobody told us to bring our own bedsheets and towels, though, so an emergency shopping trip was needed before we could go to sleep. Vacation Homes Vacation home options on display at Edmonton Cottage Life & Cabin Show Cottage country is temporarily relocating to the Edmonton Expo Centre. For three days you’ll be able to escape from the city — while still staying in the city — and get the lowdown on the cottage lifestyle as the third edition of the Edmonton Cottage Life & Cabin Show sets up shop at the Expo Centre from April 22 through April 24. Vacation Homes Interiors to match the exterior: Creekstone Mountain Lodge complements Canmore's natural beauty At the Creekstone Mountain Lodge in Canmore’s Spring Creek neighbourhood, an innovative interior design team combines the Rockies’ regional influence with a contemporary approach. Creekstone Mountain Lodge features a total of 56 units, offering one-, two- and three-bedroom plans that appeal to both recreational property owners and those looking for permanent residences. Vacation Homes Second Homes: The Slopes of Sylvan Lake offers sustainable serenity Sylvan Lake has been a summer vacation destination for decades, offering sun-hungry Albertans a variety of recreational opportunities, but a new development is aimed at helping them extend their stay. Homes Gallery: Homefront How many among us would love to have a rustic country house? Well for a two people from Marseille, who fell in love with Quebec's natural beauty, decided to build a refuge in the Laurentians, away from their busy and sometimes hectic life back in France. Local News Historic house in Knowlton moving to new site After two centuries, the Paul Holland Knowlton House is on the move. The historic home was lifted from its foundations and moved to the grounds of the Brome County Historical Society Friday. Man killed in gruesome saw accident A 45-year-old man was killed Sunday when he fell onto a circular saw. The gruesome work accident happened at about 12:45 p. Vacation Homes A cottage tradition begins Couple builds North Hatley home with nod to region's historic character. Vacation Homes A cottage tradition begins Couple builds North Hatley home with nod to region's historic character. Vacation Homes List of Exhibitors Check out the List of Exhibitors in the Calgary Herald Recreation & Investment Properties Show Vacation Homes Location and Show Information The Calgary Herald Recreation & Investment Properties Show has committed to space with Homexpo for the fifth year in a row. Homexpo is Calgary’s first major home show of the year and is produced... Page 1 of 3 Connect With Us Business of Health This section was created by Content Works, Postmedia’s commercial content division, on behalf of an Innovative Medicines Canada company. x Sponsored by an Innovative Medicines Canada company Sponsored: How innovative therapies offer hope for cancer sufferers Sponsored: a preventative lifeline throughout history Sponsored: Protecting Canadians’ access to medicine Sponsored: She was diagnosed with Stage 4 cancer on Mother’s Day Don't Miss Arts Crime Bill Cosby rails against mainstream media in Thanksgiving Twitter rant Music Alanis Morissette reveals 'Jagged Little Pill' 25th anniversary tour dates Celebrity Billy Dee Williams says he's gender fluid, sees himself as 'feminine as well as masculine' Suit Yourself Sponsored by INDOCHINO The spring trifecta: Three ways to diversify your suit collection Groom finds perfectly fitting wedding suit at a great price Whether online or brick and mortar, Indochino CEO Drew Green sees customization and personality as ... 5 Simple Steps To Take Care of Your Suit Weather Weather Currently Feels Like We want you to have the most accurate weather report you can. Please enter a valid postal code Health News DivaCup improving lives around the world Vegan sues Burger King, claiming Impossible Whoppers are contaminated by meat What to eat (and avoid) if you're trying lose weight The case for getting fitter — not slimmer: Why our obsession with weight could be ... TV Listings What's On Tonight for Find your full TV Listings here! News All News Local News Saskatchewan Politics National World Business All Business Local Business Energy Mining Mortgages Money Technology FP Markets Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Local Sports Hockey Football Baseball Basketball Golf Soccer MMA Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies Television Music Books Celebrity Life All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes Food Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Festivals Travel Bridges Puzzles & Comics 365 Bloor St East, Toronto, ON, M4W3L4, www.postmedia.com © 2019 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Classifieds Obits Careers Browse Classifieds Place an Ad Driving FlyerCity Local Directory Legal Privacy – Updated Terms Copyright Digital Ad Registry Services Advertise With Us Subscribe My Subscription Edit Profile Contact ePaper Digital Access Contests NIE Properties Calgary Herald Canada.com Edmonton Journal London Free Press Montreal Gazette National Post Ottawa Citizen Leader-Post (Regina) The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun Windsor Star Post to Cancel