Science News, Information & Updates  | Windsor Star	 Skip to navigation Skip to content News All News Local News National Election 2019 World Traffic Business All Business Local Business Energy Technology All Technology Gaming Internet Personal Tech Science Space Tech-Biz FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Hockey All Hockey NHL Detroit Red Wings Toronto Maple Leafs Football All Football NFL Detroit Lions CFL Baseball All Baseball Detroit Tigers Basketball All Basketball NBA NCAA Windsor Express Golf Golf Videos Soccer All Soccer International Soccer MLS Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies All Movies Movie Listings Television All Television TV Listings Music All Music NP Music Books Celebrity Life Milestones All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes All Homes Condos Decorating Gardening Renovating Vacation Homes Food All Food Local Food Reviews Recipes From the Vault Health All Health Diet & Fitness Family & Child Men Women Seniors Sexual Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Travel Obits Classifieds All Classifieds Flyercity Celebrating Browse Listings Place a Classifieds Ad Local Directory Careers Driving All Driving News Reviews Car Comparison Buyer’s Guide Subscription Business Technology Science |Featured: Fiat-Chrysler Grace Macaluso Driving | More Open Search Close Search Search Videos Sign In Sign Out Subscribe The Right Chemistry: Spy helped Soviets with polonium production U of S team says 3D printer's tiny products may bring big changes The Right Chemistry: A tarantula bite won't make you dance Babies highly susceptible to measles, new research suggests The fault in the skies: Astronomers fret over Elon Musk's Starlink 'satellite constellations' U.S. stem cell clinic offering unapproved therapies brings direct-to-consumer marketing to Ottawa A dog's life: New study to investigate aging process in man's best friend The Right Chemistry: Elderberry extract may help with colds, flu The Right Chemistry: The good and bad with what powers your phone The Right Chemistry: 'Medical intuitive' has a remedy for your ills Nature making a comeback in Canadian cities Tale of duckling raised by loons has a happy ending Watch: Alberta government reveals emissions reduction plan Opinion: Should I eat read meat? Confusing studies diminish trust in nutrition science The Right Chemistry: A magical connection between Houdini and Lincoln Quirks and Quarks' Bob McDonald taking LitFest to the stars with new book Analysis: Now Liberals face the reality of fixing our climate For the first time, federal Liberals can no longer use the strategy they have used on climate issues for years: Blame the guys who were in power in the previous term. The Right Chemistry: Looking for the secrets to longevity Opinion: Underfunding leaves Canadian climate science in a sorry state The Right Chemistry: The opening of King Tutankhamen's tomb 'Sky is the limit' for heart treatment without invasive surgery Energy, climate — what if we actually agree? What fake science journals may do to your health The Right Chemistry: Tobacco smoke was not always seen as unhealthy The Right Chemistry: No evidence-based science supports kambo ritual Why do people allow some practitioner with no medical training to introduce a mix of toxins into their body? Science Sask. ergonomics researchers study exoskeletons for farmers Local News Watch: Scientist Jane Goodall speaks at McGill University Local News Why the air you breathe near the Experimental Farm is cleaner than elsewhere in Ottawa The Central Experimental Farm is a giant air purifier that sucks up unhealthy particles of pollution, even cleaning the air outside the Farm’s boundaries. Local News Storms bring rocky weather for city budgets Governments across the capital region are increasingly grappling with an expensive problem that farmers and tourism businesses have faced for generations — the damage done by extreme weather. The Right Chemistry: Arsenic, 'king of poisons' and 'poison of kings' Climate change: How governments talk big — then fail to get results Science and art meet mythical fascination at this year's Beakerhead Watch: Dr. Joe on mustard gas and chemotherapy Columnists The Right Chemistry: Mustard gas and the beginnings of chemotherapy The Bari bombing was not the key to the development of chemotherapy. That dubious “credit” goes to the 1917 mustard gas attack at Ypres. Technology Not Earth 2.0, but some say UdeM scientist's study shows potentially habitable planet But a second analysis of Université de Montréal scientist's data calls K2-18b "the best candidate for habitability that we know right now." Local News Spit shine: Newly recruited U of S researcher looks at saliva's untapped potential The days of candy rotting your teeth could be coming to an end. Science Watch: Dr. Joe Schwarcz: Dates, lab rats and free radicals Like any fruit, dates harbour hundreds of compounds, including vitamins, minerals, polyphenols, carotenoids, glucans, steroids and saponins. Columnists The Right Chemistry: Investigating the benefits of dates Like any fruit, dates harbour hundreds of compounds, including vitamins, minerals, polyphenols, carotenoids, glucans, steroids and saponins. Local News Will CCTV cameras in the ByWard Market help curb violent crime? Hardly It was back in April, after a fatal shooting outside of the BareFax club, that people in the ByWard Market started to talk seriously about cameras — lots of cameras. Local News U of A augmented reality project highlights the science behind sports Rookie hockey players could soon virtually step into Connor McDavid’s skates on the ice as they learn the sport. Science Watch: Dr. Joe Schwarcz on fluoridation and children’s IQ Dr. Joe Schwarcz speaks about a study that links children’s IQ with fluoridation from his office in Montreal on Aug. 27, 2019. Local News Science of summer: Ottawa's friend of the flies Jeff Skevington thinks flies don’t get enough respect. We hate flies, mostly: Black flies, house flies, deer flies and more. Local News Hadron Collider: U of A physicist leads magnetic treasure hunt A University of Alberta physicist is heading up a Large Hadron Collider project to find the elusive monopole, the “long-lost brother'” of the electron, which could have been right under the world’s nose this whole time. Page 1 of 3 Connect With Us Weather Weather Currently Feels Like We want you to have the most accurate weather report you can. Please enter a valid postal code Traffic News Releases Promoted by Business Wire P&G 2019 Citizenship Report Highlights Commitment to Community Impact, Gender Equality, Diversity & Inclusion and ... Roxgold Intersects 19.73 gpt Over 23 Metres in Ancien at Ségéula Gold Project SES and Luxembourg Government Renew Orbital Concession, Establish New Fund for Space Sector Investor Tej Kohli Expands 'Venture Philanthropy' Into 3d-printed Bionic Arms More News Releases News All News Local News National World Traffic Business All Business Local Business Energy Technology FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Hockey Football Baseball Basketball Golf Soccer Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies Television Music Books Celebrity Life Milestones All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes Food From the Vault Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Travel 365 Bloor St East, Toronto, ON, M4W3L4, www.postmedia.com © 2019 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Classifieds Obits Careers Browse Classifieds Place a Classified Ad Celebrating Driving FlyerCity Local Directory Legal Privacy – Updated Terms Copyright & Permissions Digital Ad Registry Services Advertise With Us Subscribe My Subscription Edit Profile Contact ePaper Digital Access Contests Partnerships Properties Calgary Herald Canada.com Edmonton Journal London Free Press Montreal Gazette National Post Ottawa Citizen Leader-Post (Regina) The StarPhoenix (Saskatoon) The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun Post to Cancel