Sexual Health - Information, Benefits & Advice  | Saskatoon StarPhoenix	 Skip to navigation Skip to content News All News Local News Saskatchewan Politics Election 2019 National World Business All Business Local Business Energy Mining Mortgages Money Technology All Technology Gaming Internet Personal Tech Science Space Tech-Biz FP Markets Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Local Sports All Local Sports U of S Huskies Saskatoon Hilltops Hockey All Hockey NHL Saskatoon Blades Football All Football CFL Saskatchewan Roughriders NFL Baseball Basketball All Basketball NBA NCAA Golf Golf Videos Soccer All Soccer International Soccer MLS MMA Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies Television All Television TV Listings Music All Music NP Music Books Celebrity Life All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes All Homes Buying & Selling Condos Decorating Gardening Renovating Vacation Homes Living Spaces Food All Food Local Food Reviews Recipes Health All Health Diet & Fitness Family & Child Men Women Seniors Sexual Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Festivals Travel Bridges Puzzles & Comics Obits Classifieds All Classifieds Flyercity Celebrating Browse Listings Place a Classifieds Ad Local Directory Careers Driving All Driving News Reviews Car Comparison Buyer’s Guide Subscription Life Health Sexual Health |Featured: StarPhoenix Sporting Christmas Canada's growing obesity crisis TheGrowthOp: Cannabis in Canada Saskatchewan Rush New Faces Election 2019 Cannabis Broncos bus crash Videos The Royals Follow the Money People Project Spotlight | More Open Search Close Search Search Videos Sign In Sign Out Subscribe More Stories Family & Child Drinking would-be dads may sire babies with heart defects A study suggests men cut out alcohol for at least 6 months before trying to conceive. 1 in 16 women forced or coerced into first-time sex in the U.S. Many American women are physically forced or coerced into having sex for the first time, and a new study suggests these women have a higher risk for developing sexual and general health problems. Books The Vagina Bible: Dr. Gunter busting myths, breaking taboos in new book "When we use euphemisms ... that imparts shame. And there’s nothing shameful about it," says Dr. Jen Gunter, author of The Vagina Bible. Health officials warn syphilis rates in Alberta highest since 1948 EDMONTON — Syphilis rates not seen in Alberta since 1948 have prompted the province’s chief medical officer to declare an outbreak of the disease and encourage people to get tested for it. Local News Health authority declares HIV, syphilis outbreaks in west-central Saskatchewan SHA medical health officer Dr. Mandiangu Nsungu on Friday announced the declaration of an HIV outbreak in North Battleford as well as a syphilis outbreak for the areas around North Battleford and Lloydminster. Columnists Daphne Bramham: Human trafficking is pervasive and largely ignored in Canada Daphne Bramham: The pervasiveness of human trafficking shocked the chief commissioner of the inquiry into murdered and missing Indigenous women and girls. It should shock us all into action. Saskatchewan Moose Jaw woman's sterilization example of a 'systemic' problem, says lawyer An Indigenous woman who alleges she was forcibly sterilized is a recent example of a systemic problem, says lawyer Alisa Lombard. Local News Sask. looking to expand access to gender-reassignment surgery The Ministry of Health is looking for physicians, including family doctors, interested in joining a list of "recognized authorities" able to recommend out-of-province procedures for transgender people. Sexual Health Clinician awarded $2M grant to improve patient care in First Nation communities A University of Saskatchewan researcher and clinician has received a $2 million grant to refine and expand how on-reserve patients are diagnosed and treated for HIV, Hepatitis C and other sexually transmitted blood-borne infections. Local News Massive increase in HIV testing contributes to effective harm reduction programs in Sask. Indigenous communities Harm reduction models in Indigenous communities across Saskatchewan have been showing signs of success even as rates of HIV infections continues to rise. Sexual Health Archdiocese of Regina apologizes for out-of-date HPV letter slipping out 'under our radar' The Archdiocese of Regina apologized Thursday for an out-of-date letter regarding the HPV vaccine sent to Catholic school boards and parents this week. Diet & Fitness Discarded needles in spotlight as Edmonton mulls safe injection sites Cardboard boxes filled with syringes fill every nook and cranny of the Streetworks office at Boyle Street Community Services.  They’re stacked on top of cabinets, in corners and underneath a table in the centre of the brightly lit office. Unboxed sharps, wrapped in plastic, are stored in bins along a counter where people who use […] Sexual Health AIDS Saskatoon makes pamphlets on HIV and Hep C in Cree and Dene languages AIDS Saskatoon has developed pamphlets in Cree and Dene to teach people in central and northern Saskatchewan about HIV and Hepatitis C. Family & Child Doctor told to stop marketing 3-person baby technique U.S. regulators on Friday warned a New York fertility doctor to stop marketing an experimental procedure that uses DNA from three people — a mother, a father and an egg donor — to avoid certain genetic diseases. Sexual Health Coffee that gets you up in the morning: Viagra-like ingredient causes Malaysian brew to be ... The FDA is concerned over its potential to lower blood pressure to "dangerous levels" and interaction with the substance and nitrates found in some prescription drugs like nitroglycerin Sexual Health A year after warning of 'outbreak,' sexually transmitted infections on the rise again in Alberta The number of Albertans afflicted with infectious syphilis and gonorrhea has risen again, a year after the provincial government warned of “outbreak levels” for the sexually transmitted infections in the province. New data from 2016 also point to an increase in HIV rates, while the number of chlamydia cases declined. Provincial statistics for last year show the […] Sexual Health HIV nurses at the forefront of care — then and now Saskatchewan is the epicentre for HIV in Canada — and that has many questioning why the province doesn’t have supervised injection services. Supervised injection sites are “absolutely critical in reaching people who are otherwise unreachable,” said Irene Goldstone, an adjunct professor at the University of British Columbia’s School of Nursing. “They start to gain self respect […] World Woman wants name of male escort who left her pregnant, but Germany’s privacy law protects ... The woman wanted the escort she knew only as Michael, during three nights in a hotel room, to pay child support for her son Page 1 of 3 Connect With Us Business of Health This section was created by Content Works, Postmedia’s commercial content division, on behalf of an Innovative Medicines Canada company. x Sponsored by an Innovative Medicines Canada company Sponsored: How innovative therapies offer hope for cancer sufferers Sponsored: a preventative lifeline throughout history Sponsored: Protecting Canadians’ access to medicine Sponsored: She was diagnosed with Stage 4 cancer on Mother’s Day Don't Miss Arts Crime Bill Cosby rails against mainstream media in Thanksgiving Twitter rant Music Alanis Morissette reveals 'Jagged Little Pill' 25th anniversary tour dates Celebrity Billy Dee Williams says he's gender fluid, sees himself as 'feminine as well as masculine' Suit Yourself Sponsored by INDOCHINO The spring trifecta: Three ways to diversify your suit collection Groom finds perfectly fitting wedding suit at a great price Whether online or brick and mortar, Indochino CEO Drew Green sees customization and personality as ... 5 Simple Steps To Take Care of Your Suit Weather Weather Currently Feels Like We want you to have the most accurate weather report you can. Please enter a valid postal code Health News DivaCup improving lives around the world Vegan sues Burger King, claiming Impossible Whoppers are contaminated by meat What to eat (and avoid) if you're trying lose weight The case for getting fitter — not slimmer: Why our obsession with weight could be ... TV Listings What's On Tonight for Find your full TV Listings here! News All News Local News Saskatchewan Politics National World Business All Business Local Business Energy Mining Mortgages Money Technology FP Markets Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Local Sports Hockey Football Baseball Basketball Golf Soccer MMA Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies Television Music Books Celebrity Life All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes Food Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Festivals Travel Bridges Puzzles & Comics 365 Bloor St East, Toronto, ON, M4W3L4, www.postmedia.com © 2019 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Classifieds Obits Careers Browse Classifieds Place an Ad Driving FlyerCity Local Directory Legal Privacy – Updated Terms Copyright Digital Ad Registry Services Advertise With Us Subscribe My Subscription Edit Profile Contact ePaper Digital Access Contests NIE Properties Calgary Herald Canada.com Edmonton Journal London Free Press Montreal Gazette National Post Ottawa Citizen Leader-Post (Regina) The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun Windsor Star Post to Cancel