Shapovalov skips semis after Nadal bows out, to face Djokovic in final | Windsor Star	 Skip to navigation Skip to content News All News Local News National Election 2019 World Traffic Business All Business Local Business Energy Technology All Technology Gaming Internet Personal Tech Science Space Tech-Biz FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Hockey All Hockey NHL Detroit Red Wings Toronto Maple Leafs Football All Football NFL Detroit Lions CFL Baseball All Baseball Detroit Tigers Basketball All Basketball NBA NCAA Windsor Express Golf Golf Videos Soccer All Soccer International Soccer MLS Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies All Movies Movie Listings Television All Television TV Listings Music All Music NP Music Books Celebrity Life Milestones All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes All Homes Condos Decorating Gardening Renovating Vacation Homes Food All Food Local Food Reviews Recipes From the Vault Health All Health Diet & Fitness Family & Child Men Women Seniors Sexual Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Travel Obits Classifieds All Classifieds Flyercity Celebrating Browse Listings Place a Classifieds Ad Local Directory Careers Driving All Driving News Reviews Car Comparison Buyer’s Guide Subscription Sports Tennis |Featured: Library Strike Fit Tips Kelly Steele Windsor In Pictures | More Open Search Close Search Search Videos Sign In Sign Out Subscribe Shapovalov skips semis as Nadal bows out, will face Djokovic in Paris Masters final Reuters Updated: November 2, 2019 Share Adjust Comment Print Novak Djokovic will not have an opportunity to face Rafael Nadal in the final match of the Rolex Paris Masters. While the top-seeded Djokovic posted a 7-6 (5), 6-4 victory over Grigor Dimitrov of Bulgaria on Saturday, the second-seeded Nadal withdrew prior to his semifinal match against Canadian Denis Shapovalov due to an abdominal injury he sustained during warmups. Djokovic, who is bidding to finish the year at No. 1 for a record-tying sixth time, has won all three of his career matches against Shapovalov. Those encounters have all come in 2019, with a victory in the Australian Open accompanying wins in a pair of Masters 1000 tournaments. “I think (Denis has) reduced his unforced errors. His game has always been there and, especially this year, he’s improved even more,” Djokovic said of his Sunday finals opponent. “He has played some impressive tennis, (Friday) especially against (Frenchman Gael) Monfils. I’m looking forward to the final. … Hopefully I will be able to get the best out of myself (Sunday).” The 32-year-old Serb punched his ticket to his sixth Paris Masters final appearance by dispatching Dimitrov for the ninth time in their 10 career encounters. “It’s a motivation (to win my fifth Paris title) every day. I feel good in such conditions, especially in France,” Djokovic said. “You have the culture of tennis. You have a lot of support from the crowd. You could see the French players had a lot of support. I’m motivated. I want to do well (Sunday).” Djokovic recorded five aces and secured 34 of 40 first-serve points en route to winning the match in one hour, 38 minutes. He advanced to the final after Dimitrov’s return went wide to conclude the match. Djokovic captured his first title in this tournament 10 years ago and won three straight from 2013-15. He is looking to avenge his lone finals misstep following last year’s meeting with Russian Karen Khachanov. Shapovalov won his first ATP title at the Intrum Stockholm Open two weeks ago, a victory that has allowed the 20-year-old to reach new heights. “I feel like with that title in Stockholm, it kind of gave me a sense of calmness, relief. And I’ve just been able to enjoy the last couple weeks of the season,” Shapovalov said. “Because of that, I feel like I’ve been able to play really well.” Nadal, who felt a twinge on one of his last serves during warmups, elected against playing on Saturday on the recommendation of the on-site doctors. “We can call it unlucky, we can call it different things, but it happened today. And when things happen, the only thing that you can do is accept it. And even if it’s a tough situation for me, I need to stay positive,” the Spaniard said. “Finishing out like this is always a very negative thing, but the rest of the things of the week have been very positive. … I enjoyed a lot playing here in Bercy, after a while without being able to enjoy this atmosphere in this amazing stadium, and I enjoyed playing good tennis. “I have played three great matches, and I have been enjoying a lot being on court. So it’s tough finish like this, this event. That’s it. I need to accept (that) and recover well mentally and physically from that.” — Field Level Media Andreescu first Canuck to win Rogers Cup since Windsor's Faye Urban This Week's Flyers Comments Postmedia is pleased to bring you a new commenting experience. We are committed to maintaining a lively but civil forum for discussion and encourage all readers to share their views on our articles. Comments may take up to an hour for moderation before appearing on the site. We ask you to keep your comments relevant and respectful. Visit our Community Guidelines for more information. Sign in to Comment Connect With Us Latest Sports Video Toronto Maple Leafs Jack Todd: Habs ruin HNIC script by having audacity to trounce Toronto Diet & Fitness Watch: Sleep is forgotten key to better athletic performance Baseball Washington Nationals to wear Montreal Expos jerseys for throwback night Family & Child Canadiens' Max Domi provides support for young diabetics Share this story Shapovalov skips semis as Nadal bows out, will face Djokovic in Paris Masters final Facebook Twitter Reddit Email Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn News All News Local News National World Traffic Business All Business Local Business Energy Technology FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Hockey Football Baseball Basketball Golf Soccer Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies Television Music Books Celebrity Life Milestones All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes Food From the Vault Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Travel 365 Bloor St East, Toronto, ON, M4W3L4, www.postmedia.com © 2019 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Classifieds Obits Careers Browse Classifieds Place a Classified Ad Celebrating Driving FlyerCity Local Directory Legal Privacy – Updated Terms Copyright & Permissions Digital Ad Registry Services Advertise With Us Subscribe My Subscription Edit Profile Contact ePaper Digital Access Contests Partnerships Properties Calgary Herald Canada.com Edmonton Journal London Free Press Montreal Gazette National Post Ottawa Citizen Leader-Post (Regina) The StarPhoenix (Saskatoon) The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun