Six simple (but unexpected) home staging tips for sellers | Windsor Star	 Skip to navigation Skip to content News All News Local News National Election 2019 World Traffic Business All Business Local Business Energy Technology All Technology Gaming Internet Personal Tech Science Space Tech-Biz FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Hockey All Hockey NHL Detroit Red Wings Toronto Maple Leafs Football All Football NFL Detroit Lions CFL Baseball All Baseball Detroit Tigers Basketball All Basketball NBA NCAA Windsor Express Golf Golf Videos Soccer All Soccer International Soccer MLS Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies All Movies Movie Listings Television All Television TV Listings Music All Music NP Music Books Celebrity Life Milestones All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes All Homes Condos Decorating Gardening Renovating Vacation Homes Food All Food Local Food Reviews Recipes From the Vault Health All Health Diet & Fitness Family & Child Men Women Seniors Sexual Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Travel Obits Classifieds All Classifieds Flyercity Celebrating Browse Listings Place a Classifieds Ad Local Directory Careers Driving All Driving News Reviews Car Comparison Buyer’s Guide Subscription Life Homes Condos Decorating Gardening Renovating Vacation Homes |Featured: Milestones Fit Tips Windsor In Pictures Kelly Steele | More Open Search Close Search Search Videos Sign In Sign Out Subscribe Six simple (but unexpected) home staging tips for sellers Most buyers decide whether they like a property within the first 60 seconds of their visit. Here's how to make a good first impression. Briana Tomkinson, Special to the Montreal Gazette Updated: November 29, 2019 Remove all family photos. “No one needs to know your story. It’s better that way,” John Mahoney / Montreal Gazette Share Adjust Comment Print Of all the factors that influence how long it will take to sell and how much money you’ll get, only one is under your control: presentation. Realtors know that when a home looks good in photos and shows well, it’s more likely to sell more quickly and for more money. Yet when you scroll through the listings on Centris, it’s clear that many sellers and listing brokers seem to have missed the memo. When the photos are few or of poor quality, when rooms seem dark and cluttered, or when the house seems weird, it’s a turnoff for buyers. According to RE/MAX Bonjour broker Anouk Vidal, who is also the VP of the Quebec Professional Association of Real Estate Brokers, most buyers decide whether they like a property within the first 60 seconds of their visit. To ensure their home makes the best impression possible, Vidal recommends sellers invest a little time and money to stage their home before listing. “The better the product is presented, the more likely it is that you’ll get more offers and sell more quickly. That means more money for the seller,” Vidal said. While veteran stagers agree that the “big three” things for sellers to focus on are deep-cleaning, decluttering and repainting rooms in neutral tones, a professionally staged home isn’t just tidy and fresh-looking. It’s the little things that set a professionally staged property apart: rearranging furniture to make a room feel bigger, making sure the look and feel of a house is consistent from room to room, and creating a look and feel that makes it easy for prospective buyers to see themselves living happily in the home. Here are six simple but often overlooked things veteran Montreal stagers do to make sure sellers’ homes look their best. Clean the crannies and fix what’s broken According to RE/MAX Royal Jordan broker Tanya Nouwens, who began her career in real estate as a home stager 12 years ago, dust bunnies, dirty grout, yellowed light switches and little fixes left undone make buyers wonder if a home has even bigger problems. “Buyers are detectives,” Nouwens said. “They know nothing about a seller or a house except what they see and read in the seller’s declaration. They want to know if this a good home. Did people take care of this home?” Serious buyers will scrutinize closets and storage areas closely, stager Tina Mitchell said, so it’s not enough to just stuff junk in closets or pile it up in the basement. ”Every room is important. People think, oh it’s my basement, nobody will want to go there, and they minimize the space. Every place and every space should be decorated with the same care and attention to detail and decor as your master bedroom,” Mitchell said. Dress your house like a hotel Whether to hang family photos is a divisive topic among stagers, but most agree that it’s better for sellers to minimize personal effects so that buyers keep their attention on the home. It’s why Gabrielle Grawey, who has been staging homes in Montreal for 25 years, said she recommends removing all family photos. “No one needs to know your story. It’s better that way,” she said. “It’s like staying in a hotel. You don’t want to feel the people who were there before you.” Brighten rooms According to home stager Joanne Vroom, lighting is an often overlooked factor that can dramatically affect how well a home shows. Brighten rooms by upgrading light fixtures, choosing higher-wattage bulbs, and opening or even removing curtains to let in more natural light. “Make sure all your lights are working in the entire house,” Vroom said. “Sometimes realtors want to show property at night and if you can’t see anything, it’s hard to show the house. You want to make sure it’s really bright in your house.” Don’t block the door When a family’s living in a home, boots and coats tend to pile up in front hallways and mudrooms. It’s also common for people to place furniture or stash bric-a-brac in front of little-used doors, Vroom said. It all gets in the way when it’s time to show a home. During the holidays, Nouwens said some homeowners like to decorate front entryways, but this can make it hard for groups of buyers to get into and out of the house. During open houses and showings, buyers need elbow room to remove boots and coats. “If buyers have the feeling of being cramped from the get-go, that’s a feeling that stays with them,” Nouwens said. “It’s important to keep entries clear.” Make sure it smells good When buyers come knocking, stagers say it’s best to minimize cooking and cleaning smells and make sure the scent of candles or air freshener is subtle, not overwhelming. “Don’t cook brussels sprouts or broccoli if you know someone’s coming in,” said Vroom. “I love them, but it really does make your house stink!” Give each space a story Homeowners often adapt space to their needs. But when it comes time to sell, this creative use of space can work against you. While it may have been more useful to you to convert a spare bedroom to a gym or home office, or transform your garage into an extra bedroom, most buyers prefer to see beds in bedrooms and park cars in their garages. Likewise, odd little nooks won’t seem so strange if you place furniture to show the potential of the space. “If you have a corner, make it a reading corner. People often leave nooks empty, but it’s nice to give them a purpose: put a chair there, maybe a table and a little carpet,” Vidal said. Mitchell noted staging a home is different from decorating a home to live in. You might not dress your dining table with white linens and candles for dinner every night, she said, but it’s worth doing it for an open house. “You’re creating the story for someone else to fall in love with. Even if you don’t live that way,” she said. “It’s almost like a heightened sense of living. You don’t see the toaster unless it’s beautiful. That’s how you have to live to create the dream for somebody.” Photos: Business community learns about revolutionary tech trends This Week's Flyers Comments Postmedia is pleased to bring you a new commenting experience. We are committed to maintaining a lively but civil forum for discussion and encourage all readers to share their views on our articles. Comments may take up to an hour for moderation before appearing on the site. We ask you to keep your comments relevant and respectful. Visit our Community Guidelines for more information. Sign in to Comment Connect With Us Latest Food Stories Cancer patients are losing valuable time — and risking their lives — with alternative therapies, ... Bypassing the heart bypass (with video) SUN RUN: Fitness goals must push us, but not drain us Suit Yourself Sponsored by INDOCHINO The spring trifecta: Three ways to diversify your suit collection Groom finds perfectly fitting wedding suit at a great price Whether online or brick and mortar, Indochino CEO Drew Green sees customization and personality as ... 5 Simple Steps To Take Care of Your Suit Close Daily Headline News Thank you for subscribing to Postmedia's Newsletter. Email By clicking "Submit", I consent to receiving the above communication from Postmedia Network Inc. I understand that I may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. Submit TV Listings What's On Tonight for Find your full TV Listings here! Weather Weather Currently Feels Like We want you to have the most accurate weather report you can. Please enter a valid postal code Share this story Six simple (but unexpected) home staging tips for sellers Facebook Twitter Reddit Email Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn News All News Local News National World Traffic Business All Business Local Business Energy Technology FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Hockey Football Baseball Basketball Golf Soccer Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies Television Music Books Celebrity Life Milestones All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes Food From the Vault Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Travel 365 Bloor St East, Toronto, ON, M4W3L4, www.postmedia.com © 2019 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Classifieds Obits Careers Browse Classifieds Place a Classified Ad Celebrating Driving FlyerCity Local Directory Legal Privacy – Updated Terms Copyright & Permissions Digital Ad Registry Services Advertise With Us Subscribe My Subscription Edit Profile Contact ePaper Digital Access Contests Partnerships Properties Calgary Herald Canada.com Edmonton Journal London Free Press Montreal Gazette National Post Ottawa Citizen Leader-Post (Regina) The StarPhoenix (Saskatoon) The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun