Snapping losing streak does not change uncertainty around Lions as trade deadline nears | Windsor Star	 Skip to navigation Skip to content News All News Local News National Election 2019 World Traffic Business All Business Local Business Energy Technology All Technology Gaming Internet Personal Tech Science Space Tech-Biz FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Hockey All Hockey NHL Detroit Red Wings Toronto Maple Leafs Football All Football NFL Detroit Lions CFL Baseball All Baseball Detroit Tigers Basketball All Basketball NBA NCAA Windsor Express Golf Golf Videos Soccer All Soccer International Soccer MLS Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies All Movies Movie Listings Television All Television TV Listings Music All Music NP Music Books Celebrity Life Milestones All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes All Homes Condos Decorating Gardening Renovating Vacation Homes Food All Food Local Food Reviews Recipes From the Vault Health All Health Diet & Fitness Family & Child Men Women Seniors Sexual Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Travel Obits Classifieds All Classifieds Flyercity Celebrating Browse Listings Place a Classifieds Ad Local Directory Careers Driving All Driving News Reviews Car Comparison Buyer’s Guide Subscription Sports Football Detroit Lions |Featured: Library Strike Fit Tips Kelly Steele Windsor In Pictures | More Open Search Close Search Search Videos Sign In Sign Out Subscribe Snapping losing streak does not change uncertainty around Lions as trade deadline nears Jim Parker, Windsor Star Updated: October 28, 2019 Share Adjust Comment Print Snapping a three-game losing streak did nothing to end the uncertainty surrounding the Detroit Lions. Behind the arm of quarterback Matthew Stafford, the Lions beat the New York Giants 31-26 at Ford Field on Sunday. However, Stafford’s performance highlighted Detroit’s lack of a running game with lead back Kerryon Johnston now on injured reserve due to knee surgery. With Tuesday’s NFL trade deadline looming on Tuesday at 4 p.m., the Lions have been linked to Los Angles Chargers running back Melvin Gordon and Miami’s Kenyan Drake, who was dealt to Arizona on Monday. “I thought those guys were trying to run hard and they were trying to get downhill to do what they had to and trying to execute the run plays,” said Lions’ head coach Matt Patricia, whose team produced just 59 yards on 25 carries. “I think the blocks, we had some good plays that were blocked really well, and some that were not. “It’s always a collective effort from that standpoint with those guys, but I thought from the backfield, it just looked on the ground, like they were running hard. That’s for sure.” Meanwhile, the Lions are still dealing with the fallout from last week’s trade of safety Quandre Diggs to Seattle. Pro Bowl corner Darius Slay, who missed Sunday’s game with a hamstring injury, has been vocal in his displeasure with the deal and there is talk the club could move him before the deadline with Philadelphia and Kansas City reportedly showing interest. “We’re pushing forward like normal,” Patricia said on Monday during his weekly media conference call. “I saw Slay (Monday) morning, he was in and got some treatment, and was ready to go. He actually gave me a really good scouting report on Oakland, (who the Lions play on Sunday), so we’re just kind of pushing forward as normal.” Whether the Lions add to the roster, subtract from it or stand pat by Tuesday’s is not a concern to Stafford, who went 25-for-32 for 342 yards and three touchdowns. “That’s the last thing on my mind to be honest with you,” Stafford said. “I know it’s on a lot of people’s mind, but I’m just showing up every week with the guys that we have, whoever we have, and I’m going to go out there and try to win.” While the 2-6 Giants are not among the NFL’s elite, the game was certainly a must-win situation to give Detroit (3-3-1) any hope of remaining in the playoff conversation. “I feel like we did a lot of things that I felt like we were capable of all year,” Lions linebacker Devon Kennard said. “So to see it manifested on Sunday, all the hard work we put in and the talent we have on the field, for us to be able to show it for four quarters and finish, that was great. That’s something we need to build upon going forward.” Whatever happens at Tuesday’s trade deadline, Lions defensive end Trey Flowers said players simply need to keep moving forward. “That’s just part of the business, as far as players coming in and out, transactions, things like that,” Flowers said. “Obviously, we still have a long season, and we still have work to do. So, it was up to guys that were in that locker room to just continue to work, continue to focus, and yeah, we’re going to continue to do that.” jpparker@postmedia.com twitter.com/winstarparker Lions season appears to be slipping away after third-straight loss This Week's Flyers Comments Postmedia is pleased to bring you a new commenting experience. We are committed to maintaining a lively but civil forum for discussion and encourage all readers to share their views on our articles. Comments may take up to an hour for moderation before appearing on the site. We ask you to keep your comments relevant and respectful. Visit our Community Guidelines for more information. Sign in to Comment Connect With Us Most Popular Now Amherstburg Diageo workers ratify 3-year contract | Windsor Star Pussycat Dolls’ raunchy ‘nearly naked’ reunion sparks 400 complaints | Windsor Star Local home sale prices expected to make another big hike in 2020 | Windsor Star Flood watch issued for Windsor-Essex | Windsor Star Strict cargo rules for school buses create problems for kids, parents | Windsor Star Guest column: Anesthesiologist shortage could be solved with nurse anesthetists | Windsor Star CP Holiday Train arrives in Windsor, $7K for local food banks | Windsor Star Share this story Snapping losing streak does not change uncertainty around Lions as trade deadline nears Facebook Twitter Reddit Email Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn News All News Local News National World Traffic Business All Business Local Business Energy Technology FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Hockey Football Baseball Basketball Golf Soccer Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies Television Music Books Celebrity Life Milestones All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes Food From the Vault Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Travel 365 Bloor St East, Toronto, ON, M4W3L4, www.postmedia.com © 2019 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Classifieds Obits Careers Browse Classifieds Place a Classified Ad Celebrating Driving FlyerCity Local Directory Legal Privacy – Updated Terms Copyright & Permissions Digital Ad Registry Services Advertise With Us Subscribe My Subscription Edit Profile Contact ePaper Digital Access Contests Partnerships Properties Calgary Herald Canada.com Edmonton Journal London Free Press Montreal Gazette National Post Ottawa Citizen Leader-Post (Regina) The StarPhoenix (Saskatoon) The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun