Space News - NASA, Astronomy & More  | Windsor Star	 Skip to navigation Skip to content News All News Local News National Election 2019 World Traffic Business All Business Local Business Energy Technology All Technology Gaming Internet Personal Tech Science Space Tech-Biz FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Hockey All Hockey NHL Detroit Red Wings Toronto Maple Leafs Football All Football NFL Detroit Lions CFL Baseball All Baseball Detroit Tigers Basketball All Basketball NBA NCAA Windsor Express Golf Golf Videos Soccer All Soccer International Soccer MLS Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies All Movies Movie Listings Television All Television TV Listings Music All Music NP Music Books Celebrity Life Milestones All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes All Homes Condos Decorating Gardening Renovating Vacation Homes Food All Food Local Food Reviews Recipes From the Vault Health All Health Diet & Fitness Family & Child Men Women Seniors Sexual Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Travel Obits Classifieds All Classifieds Flyercity Celebrating Browse Listings Place a Classifieds Ad Local Directory Careers Driving All Driving News Reviews Car Comparison Buyer’s Guide Subscription Business Technology Space |Featured: Fiat-Chrysler Grace Macaluso Driving | More Open Search Close Search Search Videos Sign In Sign Out Subscribe Watch: David Saint-Jacques returns to Earth after record-setting time in space The Quebecer returned from his 204-day-long stint on the International Space Station in good health. Watch: Astronomers to release first image of black hole WYWS: N.B. radio host faces sex charge, Japan sets off explosion on asteroid Mars in opposition: You can still catch the tail end of the Martian flyby 'It seemed so close': Meteor lights up skies and social media in Calgary and B.C. Meet 'Steve,' a beautiful celestial phenomena in the northern lights spotted by Alberta sky watchers Planet McPlanetface: NASA asks Internet to name new planets with predictable results Gallery: November 2016 supermoon More Stories The Right Chemistry: Apollo 13's carbon dioxide problem A clever use of available canisters, cardboard, plastic bags and duct tape resulted in a filter system that saved the astronauts’ lives. Space Juno spacecraft's mission to Jupiter excites Calgary skywatchers Space Five cool things about NASA's Juno probe Science Albertan wants Canada to lead effort to tap Antarctica's scientific potential By Kareem Sheikh and Riley Witiw, with Austin Mardon “I make bold to declare that the world will derive no benefit from it,” said Capt. Space Watch: Mercury's transit between Earth and the sun in NASA video The transit of Mercury has been revealed in some pretty stunning detail in this video from NASA. The cosmic show, which began at 7:12 a. University of Northern B.C. professor joins international space-science group Liberals and NDP make space plan an election issue Me­teor shower slated to daz­zle Edmonton sky NASA releases new Pluto photos Video: Expert: Pluto Flyby an 'Exciting Development' Harvard Physics professor and Physicist Lisa Randall says the exploration of Puto could 'be the start of something new' for research into our solar system. (July 14) First video from space released Comet lander Philae awakes from hibernation, communicates with Earth Video: Vancouver company UrtheCast to help NASA livestream the earth Video: How's That? How would we prevent asteroids from hitting earth? Chris Hadfield’s ‘Space Oddity’ is going offline Video: Cart-wheeling spider inspires robot for Mars Computer outage on space station may require spacewalk Space Video: Scientists discover evidence of Big Bang's birth of the universe Researchers say they've found evidence of what happened at the very first moment of the Big Bang. They say the universe grew so quickly, it left ripples in patterns of light, visible in the very far reaches of the universe. Space Video: The Big Bang theory - the moment of understanding nature - the discovery Assistant Professor Chao-Lin Kuo surprises Professor Andrei Linde, the founding father of inflation, with evidence that supports cosmic inflation theory. The discovery, made by Kuo and his colleagues at the BICEP2 experiment, represents the first images of gravitational waves, or ripples in space-time. These waves have been described as the "first tremors of the Big Bang." Credit to Stanford University. Space Scientists solve mystery of “jelly doughnut” rock that appeared in Mars images Scientists have solved the mystery of the “jelly doughnut” rock on Mars that appeared to come out of nowhere. Space Raw Video: Russian Rocket Crashes After Launch A Russian Proton-M rocket exploded and crashed seconds after it launched in Kazakhstan on Tuesday. Space Video: Canadian astronaut Chris Hadfield hanging up his spacesuit Astronaut Chris Hadfield became a media sensation while commanding the International Space Station, piquing curiosity in space exploration. But after decades as a public servant, Hadfield has announced his retirement. Space Video: Chris Hadfield's memorable moments in space Chris Hadfield has conducted mind-bending experiments and shown what everyday life is like with no gravity. As the Canadian astronaut prepares to return to Earth, watch highlights of his time aboard the International Space Station. Space Video: Chris Hadfield's memorable moments in space Chris Hadfield has conducted mind-bending experiments and shown what everyday life is like with no gravity. As the Canadian astronaut prepares to return to Earth, watch highlights of his time aboard the International Space Station. Space Astronauts install new pump outside the International Space Station Astronauts making a rare, hastily planned spacewalk replaced a pump outside the International Space Station on Saturday in hopes of plugging a serious ammonia leak. Space Video: The Andromeda galaxy - Earth's nearest giant cosmic neighbour A new study of our nearest giant cosmic neighbour, the Andromeda galaxy. The study is based on the Pan-Andromeda Archaeological Survey (PAndAS), a large project undertaken between 2008 and 2011 on the Canada-France-Hawaii Telescope situated on the Mauna Kea volcano on the Big Island of Hawaii. Space Video: Watch the Quadrantid Meteor Shower 2012 online The Quadrantid meteor shower is expected to light up skies on Thursday and Friday. Page 1 of 3 Connect With Us Weather Weather Currently Feels Like We want you to have the most accurate weather report you can. Please enter a valid postal code Traffic News Releases Promoted by Business Wire P&G 2019 Citizenship Report Highlights Commitment to Community Impact, Gender Equality, Diversity & Inclusion and ... Roxgold Intersects 19.73 gpt Over 23 Metres in Ancien at Ségéula Gold Project SES and Luxembourg Government Renew Orbital Concession, Establish New Fund for Space Sector Investor Tej Kohli Expands 'Venture Philanthropy' Into 3d-printed Bionic Arms More News Releases News All News Local News National World Traffic Business All Business Local Business Energy Technology FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Hockey Football Baseball Basketball Golf Soccer Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies Television Music Books Celebrity Life Milestones All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes Food From the Vault Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Travel 365 Bloor St East, Toronto, ON, M4W3L4, www.postmedia.com © 2019 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Classifieds Obits Careers Browse Classifieds Place a Classified Ad Celebrating Driving FlyerCity Local Directory Legal Privacy – Updated Terms Copyright & Permissions Digital Ad Registry Services Advertise With Us Subscribe My Subscription Edit Profile Contact ePaper Digital Access Contests Partnerships Properties Calgary Herald Canada.com Edmonton Journal London Free Press Montreal Gazette National Post Ottawa Citizen Leader-Post (Regina) The StarPhoenix (Saskatoon) The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun Post to Cancel