Spitfires no longer at top of conference standings after back-to-back losses | Windsor Star	 Skip to navigation Skip to content News All News Local News National Election 2019 World Traffic Business All Business Local Business Energy Technology All Technology Gaming Internet Personal Tech Science Space Tech-Biz FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Hockey All Hockey NHL Detroit Red Wings Toronto Maple Leafs Football All Football NFL Detroit Lions CFL Baseball All Baseball Detroit Tigers Basketball All Basketball NBA NCAA Windsor Express Golf Golf Videos Soccer All Soccer International Soccer MLS Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies All Movies Movie Listings Television All Television TV Listings Music All Music NP Music Books Celebrity Life Milestones All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes All Homes Condos Decorating Gardening Renovating Vacation Homes Food All Food Local Food Reviews Recipes From the Vault Health All Health Diet & Fitness Family & Child Men Women Seniors Sexual Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Travel Obits Classifieds All Classifieds Flyercity Celebrating Browse Listings Place a Classifieds Ad Local Directory Careers Driving All Driving News Reviews Car Comparison Buyer’s Guide Subscription Sports Hockey NHL Detroit Red Wings Toronto Maple Leafs |Featured: Library Strike Fit Tips Kelly Steele Windsor In Pictures | More Open Search Close Search Search Videos Sign In Sign Out Subscribe Spitfires no longer at top of conference standings after back-to-back losses Jim Parker, Windsor Star Updated: December 1, 2019 Share Adjust Comment Print As well as the Windsor Spitfires have played in recent weeks, the top of the standings in the Western Conference of the Ontario Hockey League has remained a tight battle. Saturday’s 3-2 loss to the Niagara IceDogs before a crowd of 3,584 at the WFCU Centre marked Windsor’s first loss at home in regulation this season. As well, the Spitfires now have back-to-back losses for just the second time this season. “The last two games definitely humbled us, but every good team goes through adversity in a season,” Spitfires’ defenceman Louka Henault said. “I know the guys in the room and they know me and I don’t think we’re panicking at all. It’s just look at the next game and don’t worry about the rest.” No longer at the top of the conference table with London and Guelph having passed the team, the Spitfires still sit in first place in the West Division, but the club’s No. 3 ranking the Canadian Hockey League will no doubt take a hit this week. “It’s so early,” Spitfires’ head coach Trevor Letowski said. “It’s not really about the wins. It’s about how we played. We didn’t like the way we played in London (in a 6-3 loss on Friday) and I thought we played very well (on Saturday) and we win that game nine out of 10 times.” The Spitfires looked poised for a bounce-back performance on Saturday. Windsor outshot the IceDogs 12-3 in the first period and took a 2-0 lead on goals by Daniel D’Amico, on the power play, and Cole Purboo. “We came out hard,” Spitfires centre Tyler Angle said. Penalties allowed the IceDogs an opportunity to get back into the game. The Spitfires took six-straight minors at one point between the first and second periods and seven for the game. “I don’t know if it’s frustration or being in the wrong place at the wrong time, but when you take seven minors, you’re probably not going to come out on the right end,” Henault said. Philip Tomasino and Akil Thomas scored power-play goals and the IceDogs pulled even at 2-2 after 40 minutes. “The second period caught us,” Angle said. “The penalties are tough. They’ve got some skilled guys on their power play and showed that game. Emotions get to you and that’s what happened. It cost us.” Windsor came into the game allowing just 3.68 power plays per game, which was the fifth fewest in the league. Allowing seven power-play chances tied a season high, which has now happened in three games this season. “That’s not us,” Letowski said. “We take a lot of pride in being a disciplined team and we’re at the bottom in minors per game and that’s one of our benchmarks. “There were a couple (penalties) that were undisciplined at key times and they scored both times on pretty bad penalties. We have to learn from that and those games happen in a 68-game season.” Once back in the game, the IceDogs fought for every inch of ice, relentlessly blocked shots and killed off two Windsor power-plays in the third period to get the win when Adrien Beraldo’s point shot eluded Spitfires’ rookie goalie Xavier Medina just 83 seconds into the final frame for the game-winning goal. “Maybe we found a way to lose for one of the few times this year,” Letowski said. “We’ve come out on the right end in some games where maybe we didn’t deserve to win and this one we maybe deserved to win and didn’t get it. “We played well. Our possession was through the roof, we doubled them in shots (34-19) and just a couple of undisciplined penalties cost us the game. Look at the numbers, I like the way we responded and we just didn’t get the result.” jpparker@postmedia.com twitter.com/winstarparker   Game Summary Saturday Result IceDogs 3 Spitfires 2 Niagara 0 2 1 – 3 Windsor 2 0 0 – 2 First period: 1. Windsor, Damico 8 (Foudy, Henault) 7:38 (pp), 2. Windsor, Puerboo 12 (Afanasyev, Angle) 10:03. Penalties: Agostinelli N (tripping) 3:26, Tomasino N (interference) 5:52, Foudy W (goaltender interference) 10:41, Sopa N (interference) 13:06, Robinson W (closing hand on puck) 15:57, Douglas W (tripping) 17:03. Second period: 3. Niagara, Tomasino 16 (Castleman, Thomas) 3:58 (pp), 4. Niagara, Thomas 14 (Lodnia, Roberts) 7:36 (pp). Penalties: Foudy W (holding the stick) 2:34, Corcoran W (high sticking) 5:48, Cuylle W (slashing) 10:04, Rupoli W (tripping) 14:36. Third period: 5. Niagara, Beraldo 2 (Castleman, Tomasino) 1:23. Penalties: Beraldo N (hooking) 6:32, Doherty N (tripping) 16:47, Uberti N (tripping) 19:56. Game stats – SOG – Niagara 3 9 7 – 19 Windsor 12 11 11 – 34 Goal (shots-saves) – Niagara: Tynan (W,10-7-3-1) (34-32). Windsor: Medina (L,4-2-1-0) (19-16). Power play (goals-chances) – Niagara 2-7. Windsor 1-6. Referees: Joe Celestin (4) and Ben Moser (18). Linesmen: Ryan Cadwell (82) and Kevin Hastings (61). Att: 3,584 at the WFCU Centre. Spitfires' point streak hits 13 games as Foudy scores OT winner... This Week's Flyers Comments Postmedia is pleased to bring you a new commenting experience. We are committed to maintaining a lively but civil forum for discussion and encourage all readers to share their views on our articles. Comments may take up to an hour for moderation before appearing on the site. We ask you to keep your comments relevant and respectful. Visit our Community Guidelines for more information. Sign in to Comment Connect With Us SCORES Close Daily Sports Newsletter Thank you for subscribing to Postmedia's Newsletter. Email By clicking "Submit", I consent to receiving the above communication from Postmedia Network Inc. I understand that I may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. Submit Toronto Maple Leafs Leafs GM Dubas has no more excuses after firing Babcock Leafs get shelled by Penguins in Pittsburgh With Coach's Corner silenced, a look back at how Don Cherry changed how we watched ... Maple Leafs win in shootout over Flyers despite penalty parade Share this story Spitfires no longer at top of conference standings after back-to-back losses Facebook Twitter Reddit Email Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn News All News Local News National World Traffic Business All Business Local Business Energy Technology FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Hockey Football Baseball Basketball Golf Soccer Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies Television Music Books Celebrity Life Milestones All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes Food From the Vault Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Travel 365 Bloor St East, Toronto, ON, M4W3L4, www.postmedia.com © 2019 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Classifieds Obits Careers Browse Classifieds Place a Classified Ad Celebrating Driving FlyerCity Local Directory Legal Privacy – Updated Terms Copyright & Permissions Digital Ad Registry Services Advertise With Us Subscribe My Subscription Edit Profile Contact ePaper Digital Access Contests Partnerships Properties Calgary Herald Canada.com Edmonton Journal London Free Press Montreal Gazette National Post Ottawa Citizen Leader-Post (Regina) The StarPhoenix (Saskatoon) The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun