Sports Teams, Scores, Schedules & Standings  | Windsor Star	 Skip to navigation Skip to content News All News Local News National Election 2019 World Traffic Business All Business Local Business Energy Technology All Technology Gaming Internet Personal Tech Science Space Tech-Biz FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Hockey All Hockey NHL Detroit Red Wings Toronto Maple Leafs Football All Football NFL Detroit Lions CFL Baseball All Baseball Detroit Tigers Basketball All Basketball NBA NCAA Windsor Express Golf Golf Videos Soccer All Soccer International Soccer MLS Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies All Movies Movie Listings Television All Television TV Listings Music All Music NP Music Books Celebrity Life Milestones All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes All Homes Condos Decorating Gardening Renovating Vacation Homes Food All Food Local Food Reviews Recipes From the Vault Health All Health Diet & Fitness Family & Child Men Women Seniors Sexual Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Travel Obits Classifieds All Classifieds Flyercity Celebrating Browse Listings Place a Classifieds Ad Local Directory Careers Driving All Driving News Reviews Car Comparison Buyer’s Guide Subscription Sports Hockey Football Baseball Basketball Golf Soccer Curling Tennis Auto Racing |Featured: Library Strike Fit Tips Kelly Steele Windsor In Pictures | More Open Search Close Search Search Videos Sign In Sign Out Subscribe Louisville claims No. 1, Michigan debuts at No. 4 in poll Pistons rout Spurs behind Wood's career-high 28 points Gasol and Conley meet for first time as Raptors crush Jazz Spitfires no longer at top of conference standings after back-to-back losses No. 1 Ohio State wins 8th straight over No. 13 Michigan Coghlin kicks Michigan State over Maryland Hamilton ends the F1 season with victory in Abu Dhabi Grand Prix NHL roundup: Wings dropped by Capitals at home Andersen, Tavares make Keefe a winner at home against Sabres Powell's career-high 33 points lift streaking Raptors over Magic Hutchinson, defensive play poor as Leafs lose for first time under Keefe Flyers cruise to 6-1 win over Red Wings NCAA FOOTBALL: Let’s hurry up and get to more chaos to round out the regular ... Conor McGregor set for UFC return against 'Cowboy' Cerrone in January How Bo revived Michigan: by stymying Ohio State’s fullback Trubisky rallies Bears to Thanksgiving win over Lions Third-string QB likely to start for Lions vs. Bears Hockey Maple Leafs win a laugher in Detroit DETROIT — On American Thanksgiving, the Maple Leafs were treated to a wild turkey shoot. They beat up the Red Wings 6-0 on Wednesday, giving new coach Sheldon Keefe three wins, the most by a Toronto in-season bench replacement since expansion and the most since Pat Quinn debuted with three in 1998-99. NHL Marner's words, Keefe's deeds in spotlight Hockey Coaching styles across NHL under scrutiny Hockey Ex-Windsor Spitfire Akim Aliu alleges racist comments by Flames coach Bill Peters CALGARY – A former NHL and London Knights forward has levelled an allegation against Calgary’s head coach, saying Bill Peters directed a racial slur toward him when both were in the minors about a decade ago. Hockey Spitfires' point streak hits 13 games as Foudy scores OT winner against Attack The Windsor Spitfires are on a roll and the players are truly enjoying the ride. The Spitfires rallied from a one-goal deficit on three occasions on Sunday before Jean-Luc Foudy scored the overtime winner in a 4-3 win over the Owen Sound Attack before 4,115 at the WFCU Centre. This Week's Flyers Basketball Raptors blog: Wild game between Raptors and Jazz Ibaka returns vs. Jazz and Lowry is close for surging Raptors Tipoff: Jazz at Raptors Baseball Long-time Sun scribe Ken Fidlin honoured by Canadian baseball hall Babe Ruth's historic home run bat up for auction Rays bring back Mike Zunino on $4.5M deal Jays unload Shafer to Reds for 'cash considerations' Yankees make history with female hitting coach hire: Report Yankees want out of paying Ellsbury $26 million: Reports More Sports 'The best week of my life': Bombers' Streveler on the fun, the fashion and the ... College Football Frenzy: Fields, Ohio State can take their licks and still dominate What the Puck: Making the Canadiens great again begins at the top Knights McMichael, Foudy heading to Canada's world junior camp Toronto Maple Leafs Maple Leafs reveal changes as Marner nears return The Maple Leafs pulled back on the curtain on some significant reveals Monday morning: — Two-time club leading scorer Mitch Marner was back at regular practice, a little ahead of schedule from a high ankle sprain and possibly ready to play for new coach Sheldon Keefe by the start of the Western road trip. Columnists Brownstein: Jacob died at 11. But his generosity lives on The previously healthy boy was preparing to take part in a ski marathon to raise money for cancer research when the cruelest of ironies hit. Canadiens place backup goalie Keith Kinkaid on NHL waivers He had a 1-1-3 record with a 4.24 goals-against average and a .875 save percentage. Travel Dominican Republic's Casa de Campo a 'Caribbean golf paradise' LA ROMANA, Dominican Republic — In nearly four decades on staff at Casa de Campo Resort & Villas, a stunning ocean-side golf retreat in the Dominican Republic, Gilles Gagnon has teed it up with U. Sports Quebecers lead Canada to second straight world junior ringette title Gatineau's Sara Plouffe posted a hat-trick, while Blainville's Mégane Fortin had two goals and an assist as Canada downed Finland 9-7. CFL B.C. Lions expected to name Rick Campbell new head coach Campbell will replace DeVone Claybrooks on the Lions sidelines BILLECK: November to remember for Jets LOS ANGELES — At the end of the day, when the calendar flipped over from the penultimate month of 2019 to the decade’s final hurrah, the Winnipeg Jets had collected 21 of a possible 28 points in November, including a franchise-record 10 wins for the month. Tennis Federer to have Swiss coin minted in his honour Tennis great Roger Federer is to become the first living Swiss to have a coin minted in their honour, with a commemorative 20 franc silver piece bearing his image being issued in January. NBA Siakam and Raptors' bench more than the Knicks can handle The RJ Barrett homecoming game turned into another chance for the Raptors’ bench to prove themselves. NBA Hornets hang on late to snap skid vs. Pistons The Charlotte Hornets finally figured out how to close a game, riding a season-high 19 points from Bismack Biyombo to a 102-101 victory against the Detroit Pistons on Wednesday night in Charlotte, N. Basketball Vince Carter reflects on his Raptors misses and Toronto's surreal NBA title win Nobody besides Vince Carter has made it to Season 22 in the NBA, so it’s not surprising that the former Toronto Raptors legend has had some time to reflect on his career. Detroit Lions Bears, Lions both seek happy Thanksgiving The Detroit Lions probably would prefer to hide rather than have their warts exposed to a national television audience on Thanksgiving Day. Football Lamar Jackson throws for 5 TDs as Ravens destroy Rams Lamar Jackson tied his career high by throwing five touchdown passes as the Baltimore Ravens started fast and never relented in a 45-6 victory over the Los Angeles Rams on Monday night that extend their winning streak to seven games. NBA Raptors avoid last-shot drama but still get huge win over Sixers Unlike the game which preceded it six months ago, there would be no historic shot in Monday’s meeting between the Raptors and Sixers. NBA Pistons take advantage of short-handed Magic Luke Kennard led a balanced attack with 20 points and seven assists as the host Detroit Pistons downed the Orlando Magic 103-88 on Monday. Basketball Historic performances as Lajeunesse takes gold while Kennedy earns silver The Lajeunesse Royals and Kennedy Clippers completed historic runs at OFSAA. The Royals claimed the first girls team gold medal in school history by capturing the OFSAA basketball A title in Welland. Sports University/College roundup: Brunet jumps into track and field season for Lancers The University of Windsor Lancers kicked off the season with its annual two-day Blue and Gold meet, which wrapped up on Monday at the Fairall Fieldhouse. Sports Local roundup: Belle River's Desjarlais helps Blue Bombers end Grey Cup drought Belle River’s Drew Desjarlais wasn’t even been born the last time the Winnipeg Blue Bombers won a Grey Cup. Page 1 of 1358 Connect With Us Most Read Windsor woman dies in Chatham-Kent crash | Windsor Star Pussycat Dolls’ raunchy ‘nearly naked’ reunion sparks 400 complaints | Windsor Star Man gets house arrest for defrauding employer of almost $1 million | Windsor Star Windsor Weather Forecast - News & Reports | Windsor Star Kid Rock opens up about foul-mouthed Oprah Winfrey rant | Windsor Star Windsor man killed in accident in driveway | Windsor Star Amherstburg Diageo workers ratify 3-year contract | Windsor Star News All News Local News National World Traffic Business All Business Local Business Energy Technology FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Hockey Football Baseball Basketball Golf Soccer Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies Television Music Books Celebrity Life Milestones All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes Food From the Vault Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Travel 365 Bloor St East, Toronto, ON, M4W3L4, www.postmedia.com © 2019 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Classifieds Obits Careers Browse Classifieds Place a Classified Ad Celebrating Driving FlyerCity Local Directory Legal Privacy – Updated Terms Copyright & Permissions Digital Ad Registry Services Advertise With Us Subscribe My Subscription Edit Profile Contact ePaper Digital Access Contests Partnerships Properties Calgary Herald Canada.com Edmonton Journal London Free Press Montreal Gazette National Post Ottawa Citizen Leader-Post (Regina) The StarPhoenix (Saskatoon) The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun Post to Cancel