StarPhoenix Parish Notes Nov. 23-29, 2019 | Saskatoon StarPhoenix	 Skip to navigation Skip to content News All News Local News Saskatchewan Politics Election 2019 National World Business All Business Local Business Energy Mining Mortgages Money Technology All Technology Gaming Internet Personal Tech Science Space Tech-Biz FP Markets Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Local Sports All Local Sports U of S Huskies Saskatoon Hilltops Hockey All Hockey NHL Saskatoon Blades Football All Football CFL Saskatchewan Roughriders NFL Baseball Basketball All Basketball NBA NCAA Golf Golf Videos Soccer All Soccer International Soccer MLS MMA Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies Television All Television TV Listings Music All Music NP Music Books Celebrity Life All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes All Homes Buying & Selling Condos Decorating Gardening Renovating Vacation Homes Living Spaces Food All Food Local Food Reviews Recipes Health All Health Diet & Fitness Family & Child Men Women Seniors Sexual Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Festivals Travel Bridges Puzzles & Comics Obits Classifieds All Classifieds Flyercity Celebrating Browse Listings Place a Classifieds Ad Local Directory Careers Driving All Driving News Reviews Car Comparison Buyer’s Guide Subscription Arts Local Arts |Featured: StarPhoenix Sporting Christmas Canada's growing obesity crisis TheGrowthOp: Cannabis in Canada Saskatchewan Rush New Faces Election 2019 Cannabis Broncos bus crash Videos The Royals Follow the Money People Project Spotlight | More Open Search Close Search Search Videos Sign In Sign Out Subscribe Parish Notes Nov. 23-29 Parish events for the coming week. Jocelyn Bennett, Saskatoon StarPhoenix Updated: November 23, 2019 Share Adjust Comment Print Please send items for Parish Notes to weekend@thestarphoenix.com with the words “Parish Notes” in the subject line. Submission deadline is the Friday one week before at 10 a.m. Craft, Bake & Book Sale: Saturday, 8 a.m. to 2 p.m., at McClure United Church, 4025 Taylor St. East. With a pancake breakfast from 7:30 to 10:30 a.m., and a hotdog lunch from 11 a.m. to 1 p.m. Everyone is welcome. Craft and Bake Sale: Saturday, 10 a.m. to 3 p.m., at Mayfair United Church, 902 33rd St. West. Hot lunch available to purchase. Admission is free. Advent/Christmas Market and Tea: Saturday, 10 a.m. to 3 p.m., at Redeemer Lutheran Church, 812 Preston Ave. Home-crafted items, new-to-you items, baking tables, and a tea room. Admission is free. Proceeds support Sanctum 1.5. To donate gently used Christmas items, call 306-374-7585. Pre-Advent Market and Tea: Saturday, 1 to 4 p.m., at St. John’s Anglican Cathedral Parish Hall, 816 Spadina Cres. Christmas baking, homemade turkey pies, jams, jellies, preserves, crafts, plants, books, and a children’s make-and-take area. Tea tickets are $5. Yoga Retreat: Sunday, 9:45 a.m. to 4 p.m., at 506 Duchess St. A day of gentle and restorative yoga postures, guided meditative practices, and the healing frequencies of the gong. Cost is $119. Pre-registration is required. Registration and information at lynneharley.com. Mamma Mia! Sing Along Party: Sunday, 7 p.m., at The Refinery, 609 Dufferin Ave. Presented by Emmanuel Anglican Music. Admission is by suggested donation of $10 at the door. Popcorn and drink $5. Everyone is welcome. Incarnation, Spirituality, and Cultural Transformation: Friday to Nov. 30, at Queen’s House Retreat and Renewal Centre, 601 Taylor St. West. A retreat oriented toward knowing and experiencing the presence of the Christ within every participant. With Simon Lasair. Cost is $95 and includes lunch. Register at 306-242-1916, receptionist@queenshouse.org by Monday. Information at queenshouse.org. Legacy Christmas Dinner: Tuesday, 10:30 p.m., at Elim Church, 419 Slimmon Rd. With guest speaker and musician Don Balzer. Cost is $20 per person. Tickets at 306-374-1700. Waiting … Creating: Prayer with Art in Advent: Dec. 3 and 10, 7 to 9 p.m.; and Dec. 4 and 11, 10 a.m. to noon, at Queen’s House Retreat and Renewal Centre, 601 Taylor St. West. Two days of artmaking, creatively exploring your response to waiting for the Messiah. All materials supplied. With Sr. Felicitas Drobig. Cost is $80 for two sessions and $13 for lunch. Register at 306-242-1916, receptionist@queenshouse.org by Tuesday. Information at queenshouse.org. Gong Immersion Meditation: Thursday, 7:30 to 8:30 p.m., at Queen’s House Retreat and Renewal Centre, 601 Taylor St. West. This is a drop-in session. Cost is $15. Information at lynneharley.com. All-You-Can-Eat Perogy Supper and Frozen Food Sale: Friday, 5 to 7 p.m., at the Ukrainian Orthodox Auditorium, 919 20th St. West. Includes dessert and beverage. Meat and cabbage rolls available at extra cost. Adults cost $14, children ages five to nine cost $6, and children four and under eat free. Additional food sale Nov. 30, 10 a.m. to noon, at the back door. Five dozen perogies $25, five dozen cabbage rolls $40. Information at bestvenetian@gmail.com. One Light Chant and Dance: Second Saturday of the month, 7:30 p.m., at Stensrud Lodge, 2202 Mceown Ave. A Dances of Universal Peace event combining singing of sacred phrases from all the world’s spiritual traditions with simple circle dances and live music. No experience necessary. Admission is free. Information at chantndance@sasktel.net. Sunday Meditation: Sundays, 10 a.m., at Windsor Chapel, 704 Windsor St. Presented by the Centre for Spiritual Living Saskatoon. Learn how to create the life you long for. Sunday celebration follows at 10:30 a.m. Information at 306-975-2022, cslsaskatoon.com. Buddhist Meditation: Sundays, 4-5:30 p.m. Guided meditation taught by the monks from the Buddha Meditation Centre of Saskatoon. Everyone is welcome. Class is free. Information at meditationsaskatoon.org, 306-374-2840. Service of Prayer for Post-Trauma Survivors: First Monday of the month, September to June, 5:30 to 8 p.m., at St. Matthew’s Anglican Church, 135 109th St. West. Open to anyone who is post trauma in need of prayerful support. With Rev. Karen Walter. Celtic Evening Service: Tuesdays, 7 p.m., at St. George’s Anglican Church, 624 Ave. I South. Celtic music, tea and coffee. Each mid-month service will begin with a potluck at 6 p.m. Ladies’ Bible Study: Wednesdays, 9:30 to 11:30 a.m., at Louise Avenue Congregational Church, 1602 Louise Ave. Study will be “The Holy Spirit.”  With coffee and fellowship. Information at sbwest@sasktel.net. L’Arche Prayer Nights: Wednesdays, 7 p.m. Prayer and fellowship with L’Arche Saskatoon, an ecumenical Christian community. Everyone is welcome from all faiths. Information at wthiessen@larchesaskatoon.org. Taizé Service: Second Wednesday of each month, 7 to 8 p.m., A time of music, prayer, silence and contemplation. Everyone is welcome. Information at 306-242-1916, receptionist@queenshouse.org. GriefShare Recovery Group: Thursdays to Dec. 5, 7-9 p.m., at Louise Avenue Congregational Church, 1602 Louise Ave. Anyone who has lost a loved one is welcome to attend. Information at 306-262-4119, 306-931-1297. Women in Ministry Friday Luncheon: First Friday of the month, 11:45 a.m. to 1:30 p.m., Queen’s House Retreat and Renewal Centre, 601 Taylor St. West. For women employed in ecclesial ministry; retired from a ministry position; or studying for ecclesial ministry. Cost is $13. Register at 306-242-1916, receptionist@queenshouse.org. Christmas Bazaar & Bake Sale: Nov. 30, 11 a.m. to 2 p.m., at St. Matthew’s Anglican Church, 135 109th St. West. Snacks, bake table, craft table, new-to-you corner, raffle, and silent auction. With a soup and sandwich luncheon, 11:30 a.m. to 1:30 p.m. Christmas Tea & Bake Sale: Nov. 30, 2 to 4 p.m., at St. Martin’s United Church, 2617 Clarence Ave. Presented by the St. Martin’s United Church Women’s Group. Admission is by freewill offering. Review: Playhouse Creatures is an all-women story of survival At the Galleries Nov. 23 This Week's Flyers Connect With Us Business of Health This section was created by Content Works, Postmedia’s commercial content division, on behalf of an Innovative Medicines Canada company. x Sponsored by an Innovative Medicines Canada company Sponsored: How innovative therapies offer hope for cancer sufferers Sponsored: a preventative lifeline throughout history Sponsored: Protecting Canadians’ access to medicine Sponsored: She was diagnosed with Stage 4 cancer on Mother’s Day Don't Miss Arts Crime Bill Cosby rails against mainstream media in Thanksgiving Twitter rant Music Alanis Morissette reveals 'Jagged Little Pill' 25th anniversary tour dates Celebrity Billy Dee Williams says he's gender fluid, sees himself as 'feminine as well as masculine' Suit Yourself Sponsored by INDOCHINO The spring trifecta: Three ways to diversify your suit collection Groom finds perfectly fitting wedding suit at a great price Whether online or brick and mortar, Indochino CEO Drew Green sees customization and personality as ... 5 Simple Steps To Take Care of Your Suit Close Daily Headline News Thank you for subscribing to Postmedia's Newsletter. Email By clicking "Submit", I consent to receiving the above communication from Postmedia Network Inc. I understand that I may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. Submit Weather Weather Currently Feels Like We want you to have the most accurate weather report you can. Please enter a valid postal code Health News DivaCup improving lives around the world Vegan sues Burger King, claiming Impossible Whoppers are contaminated by meat What to eat (and avoid) if you're trying lose weight The case for getting fitter — not slimmer: Why our obsession with weight could be ... Share this story Parish Notes Nov. 23-29 Facebook Twitter Reddit Email Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn News All News Local News Saskatchewan Politics National World Business All Business Local Business Energy Mining Mortgages Money Technology FP Markets Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Local Sports Hockey Football Baseball Basketball Golf Soccer MMA Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies Television Music Books Celebrity Life All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes Food Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Festivals Travel Bridges Puzzles & Comics 365 Bloor St East, Toronto, ON, M4W3L4, www.postmedia.com © 2019 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Classifieds Obits Careers Browse Classifieds Place an Ad Driving FlyerCity Local Directory Legal Privacy – Updated Terms Copyright Digital Ad Registry Services Advertise With Us Subscribe My Subscription Edit Profile Contact ePaper Digital Access Contests NIE Properties Calgary Herald Canada.com Edmonton Journal London Free Press Montreal Gazette National Post Ottawa Citizen Leader-Post (Regina) The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun Windsor Star