Study, poll find high levels of violence against personal support workers, nurses | Windsor Star	 Skip to navigation Skip to content News All News Local News National Election 2019 World Traffic Business All Business Local Business Energy Technology All Technology Gaming Internet Personal Tech Science Space Tech-Biz FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Hockey All Hockey NHL Detroit Red Wings Toronto Maple Leafs Football All Football NFL Detroit Lions CFL Baseball All Baseball Detroit Tigers Basketball All Basketball NBA NCAA Windsor Express Golf Golf Videos Soccer All Soccer International Soccer MLS Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies All Movies Movie Listings Television All Television TV Listings Music All Music NP Music Books Celebrity Life Milestones All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes All Homes Condos Decorating Gardening Renovating Vacation Homes Food All Food Local Food Reviews Recipes From the Vault Health All Health Diet & Fitness Family & Child Men Women Seniors Sexual Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Travel Obits Classifieds All Classifieds Flyercity Celebrating Browse Listings Place a Classifieds Ad Local Directory Careers Driving All Driving News Reviews Car Comparison Buyer’s Guide Subscription News Local News |Featured: Windsor International Film Festival Obesity Life After Death Spitfires Dying for a Drink Exit Wounds Election 2019 100 years of Point Pelee Opioid Crisis Windsor Tech Cannabis Help Wanted Anne Jarvis Windsor-Detroit bridge Woofa-Roo 2019 Reader Letters | More Open Search Close Search Search Videos Sign In Sign Out Subscribe Violence against long-term care workers, nurses at alarming levels across Ontario Sharon Hill, Windsor Star Updated: March 26, 2019 Dr. Margaret Keith, left, and Dr. James Brophy speak to the media about a new study they authored which reveals a toxic enviroment of physical and sexual violence against staff in Ontario hospitals in this file photo from Nov. 30, 2017. Nick Brancaccio / Windsor Star Share Adjust Comment Print Eighty-eight per cent of personal support workers and nurses working at long-term care facilities in Ontario experience physical violence, many once a week, according to a poll commissioned by unions representing the mostly-female workers. And a separate study done by a Lakeshore couple with the president of the Ontario Council of Hospital Unions found an “unbelievably disturbing” level of pervasive violence that goes unreported because workers are afraid of losing their job or being disciplined. “We’re reaching a breaking point. We need to have a real investigation for what is going on in long-term care, both for the residents and the staff,” occupational health researcher James Brophy of Lakeshore said Tuesday. The violence highlighted in the report is a direct result of understaffing in long-term care homes More staff, more funding and more protection for workers is needed, he said. “What we found, which was for us unbelievably disturbing, was physical violence, verbal abuse, racial and sexual harassment and sexual assault was so pervasive and widespread that it was normalized and seen as literally part of the job,” Brophy said. “That was a real shock.” The study, Breaking Point: Violence Against Long-term Care Staff, was published Tuesday in the journal New Solutions. Also released Tuesday were the results of a telephone poll done for the Ontario Council of Hospital Unions and the Ontario division of the Canadian Union of Public Employees. The poll found found 62 per cent of personal support workers and 51 per cent of the RPNs surveyed reported they had experienced at least one act of physical violence a week. In the poll, 75 per cent of the workers said they were not able to provide adequate care because of their workload and low staffing. Brophy and his wife Margaret Keith, who both have PhDs in occupational and environmental health and are associated with the University of Windsor, did the study with Michael Hurley, the president of the Ontario Council of Hospital Unions. It included talking with workers from seven Ontario communities and 13 long-term care facilities which aren’t named. In a news release Hurley said the study and the poll “reflect the anguish and emotional and psychological pain of the long-term care workforce in the face of an unrelenting wave of verbal, racial, sexual and physical violence.” Hurley said the unions are calling on the provincial government to adopt minimum staffing levels and statutory protection for staff who report violence. And the unions are calling on the federal government to treat sexual and physical assaults against health care staff by mentally competent people as a serious criminal offence. Brophy said long term care facilities aren’t just for elderly people. There are younger residents with disabilities, acquired brain injuries and other health issues. One worker lost a few teeth after being punched by a resident. Another worker had a man with slight cognitive problems throw her against the shower wall and attempt to sexually assault her when she went to assist him with his shower. No one heard her screams for help before she broke away from him only to have to return and help him out of the shower. The facilities are short-staffed which means the workers are trying to get many people up and dressed for breakfast in a short period of time. Some residents because of their health are already aggressive and the rushed process makes others highly agitated, he said. More staff is needed along with province-wide standards that are enforced such as flagging violent residents or having alarms for staff, he said. The violence shows we should be looking at how our health system cares for the elderly, Brophy said. He wasn’t aware until the study that the majority of long-term care homes are privately run. That creates tremendous pressure for efficiencies at the expense of staff safety, he said. Teresa Armstrong, the NDP critic for Home Care and Long Term Care, called on the Conservative government to add more staff and address the crisis of violence in Ontario’s long-term care facilities. “The violence highlighted in the report is a direct result of understaffing in long-term care homes,” Armstrong said. shill@postmedia.com twitter.com/winstarhill Allowing abused women to bring their pets to crisis shelters could... 'Not your regular coffee shop' — Windsor's 'sober' bar for recovering... This Week's Flyers Comments Postmedia is pleased to bring you a new commenting experience. We are committed to maintaining a lively but civil forum for discussion and encourage all readers to share their views on our articles. Comments may take up to an hour for moderation before appearing on the site. We ask you to keep your comments relevant and respectful. Visit our Community Guidelines for more information. Sign in to Comment Connect With Us Weather Weather Currently Feels Like We want you to have the most accurate weather report you can. Please enter a valid postal code Latest National News World Fishmongers Hall exec details how employee and patrons fought knife-wielding London terrorist World 'Sweating all over me': BBC to air interview with Virginia Giuffre, who says she was ... World Ex-FBI lawyer Lisa Page says Trump's 'demeaning fake orgasm' was the last straw Share this story Violence against long-term care workers, nurses at alarming levels across Ontario Facebook Twitter Reddit Email Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn News All News Local News National World Traffic Business All Business Local Business Energy Technology FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Hockey Football Baseball Basketball Golf Soccer Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies Television Music Books Celebrity Life Milestones All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes Food From the Vault Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Travel 365 Bloor St East, Toronto, ON, M4W3L4, www.postmedia.com © 2019 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Classifieds Obits Careers Browse Classifieds Place a Classified Ad Celebrating Driving FlyerCity Local Directory Legal Privacy – Updated Terms Copyright & Permissions Digital Ad Registry Services Advertise With Us Subscribe My Subscription Edit Profile Contact ePaper Digital Access Contests Partnerships Properties Calgary Herald Canada.com Edmonton Journal London Free Press Montreal Gazette National Post Ottawa Citizen Leader-Post (Regina) The StarPhoenix (Saskatoon) The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun