Sweet Paul | Chasing the Sweet Things in Life Email Address Toggle navigation EAT MAKE KIDS BLOG SHOP MAGAZINE NEWS MORE About Paul Contact Paul RSS Feed Newsletter Stockists Advertising Find it! Email Address Sweet Paul - Recipes, Crafts and more Mormor's Norwegian Råkrem A light and lovely cream based dessert with crunchy texture and fresh berries! Paper Magnolia Leaves An Easy DIY Project! Tuscan Braised Fennel Your new favorite side dish! Festive Holiday Antipasti Board You'll have everyone gathering around the table to eat this treat! Almost Apple Pie Cocktail Tastes just like apple pie! Wooden Bead Snowman Ornament! SO easy to make an ARMY of these little guys! 7 Science Projects for Kids! A perfect mix of fun & learning! Springerle: A Traditional Historical Recipe from Genesee Country Village and Museum 1 2 3 4 5 .. 1547 Next Click to Subscribe! Our latest issue 1 2 3 4 5 .. 10 Next Instant Download PDF Magazines Sweet Paul's Mother's Day Gift Ideas 2019 1 2 3 4 5 .. 12 Next Puppy Mask The Latest From Our Blog 1 2 3 4 5 .. 10 Next White Russian with a Toasted Marshmallow Garnish Subscribe Email Follow Paul About Paul Paul “Sweet Paul” Lowe is guided by his grandmother, Mormor’s, motto: “fullkommenhet er kjedelig” -- “perfection is boring”. Born in Oslo, his Mormor and Great Auntie Gunnvor instilled in him a love for cooking and crafting that carried over to his career in New York as a food and props stylist, and eventually the creative guru behind the quarterly Sweet Paul Magazine. Flipping through the pages of his eponymous magazine, you’ll be riveted by beautiful culinary and crafting ideas that remain humble and accessible -- but never boring! About the Magazine Sweet Paul Magazine is a lifestyle magazine for anyone looking to make simple, elegant meals and stylishly easy crafts for the home. We're about homemade and handmade, and we're helping our readers create a one-of-a-kind style for life’s every day occasions. © Sweet Paul Magazine website by tinymill.com Home Eat Make Kids Blog News Magazine Shop About Paul Contact Paul RSS Stockists Advertising Privacy Policy Terms of Service