Technology News - Latest Tech Trends & Reviews  | Windsor Star	 Skip to navigation Skip to content News All News Local News National Election 2019 World Traffic Business All Business Local Business Energy Technology All Technology Gaming Internet Personal Tech Science Space Tech-Biz FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Hockey All Hockey NHL Detroit Red Wings Toronto Maple Leafs Football All Football NFL Detroit Lions CFL Baseball All Baseball Detroit Tigers Basketball All Basketball NBA NCAA Windsor Express Golf Golf Videos Soccer All Soccer International Soccer MLS Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies All Movies Movie Listings Television All Television TV Listings Music All Music NP Music Books Celebrity Life Milestones All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes All Homes Condos Decorating Gardening Renovating Vacation Homes Food All Food Local Food Reviews Recipes From the Vault Health All Health Diet & Fitness Family & Child Men Women Seniors Sexual Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Travel Obits Classifieds All Classifieds Flyercity Celebrating Browse Listings Place a Classifieds Ad Local Directory Careers Driving All Driving News Reviews Car Comparison Buyer’s Guide Subscription Business Technology Gaming Internet Personal Tech Science Space Tech-Biz |Featured: Fiat-Chrysler Grace Macaluso Driving | More Open Search Close Search Search Videos Sign In Sign Out Subscribe Science The Right Chemistry: Spy helped Soviets with polonium production What does it take for an American to become a Russian hero? Providing critical information needed to construct an atomic bomb will do it. Local News U of S team says 3D printer's tiny products may bring big changes Columnists The Right Chemistry: A tarantula bite won't make you dance Family & Child Babies highly susceptible to measles, new research suggests Local News The fault in the skies: Astronomers fret over Elon Musk's Starlink 'satellite constellations' Local News U.S. stem cell clinic offering unapproved therapies brings direct-to-consumer marketing to Ottawa Local News A dog's life: New study to investigate aging process in man's best friend Columnists The Right Chemistry: Elderberry extract may help with colds, flu Columnists The Right Chemistry: The good and bad with what powers your phone More Technology Monetary establishment panic about Libra is five months in and rising Here is a brief list of commentary and analysis that blew through the global currency establishment after Facebook announced Libra Federal court extends CRTC wholesale pricing suspension Cyber readiness of Canadian manufacturing sector 'worrisome,' says CATA VP Can indie merchants compete with mega retailers on Cyber Monday shipping, discounts? Shopify COO thinks ... AMD's new 64 core Threadripper 3990X processor coming 2020 Watch: David Saint-Jacques returns to Earth after record-setting time in space The Quebecer returned from his 204-day-long stint on the International Space Station in good health. Watch: Astronomers to release first image of black hole WYWS: N.B. radio host faces sex charge, Japan sets off explosion on asteroid Mars in opposition: You can still catch the tail end of the Martian flyby 'It seemed so close': Meteor lights up skies and social media in Calgary and B.C. Montreal’s neuvoo gets $53 million from Caisse to power expansion The job-search engine calls itself “a small business with the complexity of a large multinational.” Business Zú, Telus team up on cutting-edge 5G ‘creative hub’ for Quebec artists Local News Young Innovators: Better apps might improve health, U of S research finds Columnists Naqvi-Mohamed: FaceApp is fun — and dangerous Columnists Brownstein: Meet the inventor of the hashtag ... #really Columnists Brownstein: Concordia's Wikipedian-in-residence has a lot on her plate Local News How do Ottawa YouTubers make money? Marc-David Seidel: Is Facebook today’s CompuServe? Libra could hasten its demise Local News Montreal gearing up for 5G pilot project Facebook is the trigger for a currency revolution that’s long overdue — like it, or ... Terence Corcoran: The list of vested interests objecting to Libra is a global directory of the financial power structure Why Libra passes the money test and bitcoin doesn't Even the Bank of Canada sees promise in stablecoins Technology Inside Bird’s plan to win Canada’s e-scooter wars Bird has scooters on the ground in three cities, and plans for three more. But rollout hasn’t been smooth Technology Canada’s AggregateIQ broke privacy law in Cambridge Analytica scandal, probe finds Privacy watchdogs find AIQ used personal information to target ads without proper consent during Brexit and U.S. presidential campaigns Sidewalk Labs and Plaza Ventures planning Toronto-based venture fund focused on smart-city technology Fund would target companies that solve urban problems around mobility, affordability and sustainability Zoho revamps document management, says Canadian data centre coming in 2020 TORONTO — When Zoho CRM launched in November 2005, the company was known as AdventNet (it become Zoho Corporation in May 2009) and had just dipped its toes into the cloud world with its first cloud business app, Writer. Microsoft granted license to sell to Huawei has been granted a license from the U.S. government to once again sell to , enabling the Chinese telecommunication giant to continue to install the Windows operating system and other Microsoft products into their devices. Technology Instacart wants to go public. Its biggest challenge may be its own disgruntled workers Instacart has earned a reputation among gig workers as one of the worst companies to work for, with most earning less than US$10 per hour Alberta privacy czar surprised by healthcare sector data breaches In the first seven months of mandatory healthcare sector data breach reporting in Alberta, the province’s privacy commission was notified of 674 incidents, well over what it expected. Canada, U.S. must work together to fight cyber threats, conference told BRAMPTON, Ont. — The public and private sectors in Canada and the U.S. have to work together to effectively fight cyber attacks, a U. Page 1 of 3 Connect With Us Weather Weather Currently Feels Like We want you to have the most accurate weather report you can. Please enter a valid postal code Traffic News Releases Promoted by Business Wire P&G 2019 Citizenship Report Highlights Commitment to Community Impact, Gender Equality, Diversity & Inclusion and ... Roxgold Intersects 19.73 gpt Over 23 Metres in Ancien at Ségéula Gold Project SES and Luxembourg Government Renew Orbital Concession, Establish New Fund for Space Sector Investor Tej Kohli Expands 'Venture Philanthropy' Into 3d-printed Bionic Arms More News Releases News All News Local News National World Traffic Business All Business Local Business Energy Technology FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Hockey Football Baseball Basketball Golf Soccer Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies Television Music Books Celebrity Life Milestones All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes Food From the Vault Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Travel 365 Bloor St East, Toronto, ON, M4W3L4, www.postmedia.com © 2019 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Classifieds Obits Careers Browse Classifieds Place a Classified Ad Celebrating Driving FlyerCity Local Directory Legal Privacy – Updated Terms Copyright & Permissions Digital Ad Registry Services Advertise With Us Subscribe My Subscription Edit Profile Contact ePaper Digital Access Contests Partnerships Properties Calgary Herald Canada.com Edmonton Journal London Free Press Montreal Gazette National Post Ottawa Citizen Leader-Post (Regina) The StarPhoenix (Saskatoon) The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun Post to Cancel