The newest New York City taxi cab is — the Tesla Model 3 | Driving Home News & Opinion Latest News Auto Shows Motor Mouth Lorraine Complains More Columns Reviews First Drives Road Tests Comparisons All Reviews Research Buyer's Guide Car Comparison New Car Deals Video Features All Features Safety and Maintenance Supercars Luxury Cars Classic Cars Electric Cars Motorcycles Lifestyle Gear Guide Get Exclusive Pricing Search Search Driving Popular Now Lorraine Explains: Mad enough to leave your insurance company? Wait! 1 Mazda Miata, Lexuses are Consumer Reports’ top 10 most reliable models 2 These 5 cars’ iconic names were tarnished by their makers 3 4,000-hp Thor24 custom truck hammers for US$12 million in Saudi Arabia 4 Colour commentary: why is bright paint on cars so expensive? 5 News The newest New York City taxi cab is — the Tesla Model 3 Plugged In: Charged up in L.A. Chevrolet will lose money on base-price C8 Corvettes: report HOME / Tesla / Auto News / News / The newest New York City taxi cab is — the Tesla Model 3 The sedan is the first all-electric hack approved by the city's licensing commission by Jil McIntosh   | November 29, 2019 SHARE STORY In addition to its five stock colours for consumers, you might soon see Tesla’s Model 3 in bright yellow. The all-electric sedan has been approved for use as a taxicab in New York City. According to Autoblog, the Model 3 was recently added to the list of vehicles permitted by the city’s Taxi and Limousine Commission (TLC). It’s the first all-electric car officially approved for taxi use since the first electric carriages that drove alongside horse-drawn cabs in the 1890s. The Model 3 was one of some twenty cars added to the list. In a response to Autoblog, the TLC said it didn’t know who submitted the request to approve the Tesla. The city issues Alternative Fuel Medallions, but up until now, the published rules have stated these are valid only for a vehicle that “is a hybrid electric vehicle or is powered by compressed natural gas that is manufactured by an original equipment manufacturer for the general commercial or consumer market.” RELATED Uber is suing New York City over rule aimed to reduce traffic congestion Waymo gets permission to pick up California passengers with autonomous cars In addition, such a vehicle has to meet the same standard as other taxis, including minimum exterior size and interior volume, luggage capacity and air conditioning. Vehicles with internal combustion engines can’t make more than 295 horsepower, and the Tesla meets that restriction in all but the Model 3’s high-performance versions. New York previously designated an official taxicab, which most cab owners were required to purchase. In 2011, the Nissan NV200 “Taxi of Tomorrow” was named the official vehicle, but it was a controversial decision since it pushed out the previous “greener” choice, the Ford Escape Hybrid. Some believed the loss of the lucrative New York taxi market was the reason behind Ford’s decision to ditch the hybrid version – which had far fewer consumer sales – when the Escape was redesigned for 2013. In 2018, the TLC dropped the NV200 purchase requirement and approved a list of 30 possible vehicles, such as the Toyota Camry. To qualify as a taxi, the Model 3 – as with every other vehicle – will have to be equipped with a roof light, medallion and decals, an interior partition and cameras to photograph passengers, and be painted yellow. It will be allowed to remain in service for a maximum of seven years. LISTEN: In this week’s episode, we talk about all the electrifying news coming out of the 2019 Los Angeles Auto Show with Postmedia Driving senior writer David Booth, including Ford’s bold Mustang Mach-e SUV. And, of course, we get Booth’s take on Tesla’s Cybertruck. Plugged In is available on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, Stitcher, and Google Podcasts. Is the player not working? Click here. RELATED TAGS Tesla Sedan Non-Luxury Electric Cars News COMMENTS SHARE YOUR THOUGHTS We encourage all readers to share their views on our articles using Facebook commenting Visit our FAQ page for more information. Local Pricing & Incentives Year 2019 2018 2017 Choose A Make Choose A Model Choose A Trim Please select a vehicle MSRP $--- See what your neighbours are paying Most Popular Comparisons Midsize sedans to heat things up Go big and go home with new pickups Hybrids making it easier to go green Compact cars without compromise Top picks for a blend of sport and utility Battle of bulk between these muscle cars Faceoff between best-selling sports utes Popular Now Lorraine Explains: Mad enough to leave your insurance company? Wait! 1 Mazda Miata, Lexuses are Consumer Reports’ top 10 most reliable models 2 These 5 cars’ iconic names were tarnished by their makers 3 4,000-hp Thor24 custom truck hammers for US$12 million in Saudi Arabia 4 Colour commentary: why is bright paint on cars so expensive? 5 You may also like News  These car debut fails were absolutely cringe-worthy Feature Story  Motor Mouth: The good, the bad and, whoa, the ugly about Tesla's new Cybertruck News  Tesla accepts Ford's invitation to an official truck tug of war News  Tesla's Cybertruck nets 200,000 deposits, says Musk News  News Roundup: Tesla Cybertruck and Ford Mustang Mach-E vie for biggest EV reveal of… News  A 'smashing' success? All the best reactions to Tesla’s provocative Cybertruck Share This Story All Car Brands Acura Alfa Romeo Aston Martin Audi Bentley BMW Bugatti Buick Cadillac Chevrolet Chrysler Daewoo Dodge Eagle Ferrari FIAT Fisker Ford Genesis GMC Honda HUMMER Hyundai Infiniti Isuzu Jaguar Jeep Kia Lamborghini Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Lotus Maserati Maybach Mazda McLaren Mercedes-Benz Mercury MINI Mitsubishi Nissan Oldsmobile Peugeot Plymouth Pontiac Porsche Ram Renault Rolls-Royce Saab Saturn Scion Smart Spyker Subaru Suzuki Tesla Toyota Volkswagen Volvo A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Subscribe to the Driving newsletter Thank you for subscribing! Please input a valid e-mail address Sign me up! Follow Driving is a part of Postmedia Network Inc. About Driving Contact Us FAQ Advertiser Inquiries Sitemap 365 Bloor St East, Toronto, ON, M4W3L4, www.postmedia.com © 2019 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distrbution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Privacy Terms Copyright & Permissions