The best home entertainment deals on Amazon for Cyber Monday | Windsor Star	 Skip to navigation Skip to content News All News Local News National Election 2019 World Traffic Business All Business Local Business Energy Technology All Technology Gaming Internet Personal Tech Science Space Tech-Biz FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Hockey All Hockey NHL Detroit Red Wings Toronto Maple Leafs Football All Football NFL Detroit Lions CFL Baseball All Baseball Detroit Tigers Basketball All Basketball NBA NCAA Windsor Express Golf Golf Videos Soccer All Soccer International Soccer MLS Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies All Movies Movie Listings Television All Television TV Listings Music All Music NP Music Books Celebrity Life Milestones All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes All Homes Condos Decorating Gardening Renovating Vacation Homes Food All Food Local Food Reviews Recipes From the Vault Health All Health Diet & Fitness Family & Child Men Women Seniors Sexual Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Travel Obits Classifieds All Classifieds Flyercity Celebrating Browse Listings Place a Classifieds Ad Local Directory Careers Driving All Driving News Reviews Car Comparison Buyer’s Guide Subscription |Featured: Library Strike Fit Tips Kelly Steele Windsor In Pictures | More Open Search Close Search Search Videos Sign In Sign Out Subscribe The best home entertainment deals on Amazon for Cyber Monday Check out our top 10 ways to save and be sure to check Amazon.ca for new Cyber Monday Deals all week long Postmedia Network Updated: December 2, 2019 Share Adjust Comment Print Cyber Monday is back, and Amazon has some of its best home entertainment deals to date. Check out our top 10 ways to save and be sure to check Amazon.ca for new Cyber Monday Deals all week long. Xbox One S 1TB All-Digital Edition Console $179.95 (Original $299.99) Cross the gamer off of your holiday shopping list with the Xbox One S. This Xbox digital console comes with one wireless controller, download codes for Minecraft, Forza Horizon 3 and Sea of Thieves and a 1 month subscription to Xbox Live Gold subscription, which gives users access to free games, discounts and multiplayer gaming. Insignia 58-inch 4K UHD HDR LED Smart TV – Fire TV Edition $449.99 (Original $749.99) Cozy up with your favourite holiday movies in front of this Insignia 58” 4K Smart TV. The Fire TV Edition plays high definition videos from all of your favourite streaming services, including Netflix and Amazon Video. You can also enable hands-free control and navigation by connecting your Smart TV with Alexa. Fire TV Stick 4K with Alexa Voice Remote $24.99 (Original $49.99) Amazon’s Fire TV Stick plugs into your TV’s HDMI port to give you access to all of your favourite TV shows, movies, music and photos. The Alexa Voice remote control eliminates the need for a traditional remote. Instead, you can just ask Alexa to find whatever content you’re looking for. PlayStation 4 1TB Pro Console – NHL Bundle Edition $369.95 (Original $499.99) Save big on your PlayStation 4 Pro Console purchase. From vivid graphics to enhanced gameplay, this PlayStation bundle offers extraordinary entertainment for the gamer in your life. VANKYO Performance V600 Native 1080P Movie Projector $280.49 (Original $399.99) This VANKYO Movie Projector recreates the magic of a movie theatre right inside your living room. With 1080P resolution (the same as an HDTV), built-in speakers and over 50,000 hours of lamp life, the VANKYO Movie Projector is the best way to experience all of your favourite movies and shows. Oculus Go Standalone Virtual Reality Headset $199.95 (Original $269.99) Get out of this world with the Oculus Go Standalone VR Headset. Its crystal clear 3D graphics and built-in audio turns your headset into a personal theatre, allowing you to enjoy your favourite movies, catch a concert or virtually hang out with friends without having to leave your house. Meidong Bluetooth Soundbar $74.99 (Original $99.99) Stream music from all of your Bluetooth devices or experience your favourite movies in surround sound with this Meidong Bluetooth Soundbar. It’s slim and sleek design sits perfectly under a TV or mounts to the wall. Fire TV Cube Media Player $89.99 (Original $149.99) The Fire TV Cube is Amazon’s most powerful Fire TV device. It can stream from Netflix, Amazon Prime Video, Disney+, Crave, YouTube and more, it comes equipped with built-in speakers and voice control and you can connect with Alexa to dim your lights, check the weather and more. Singing Machine Bluetooth Karaoke System $69.99 (Original $129.99) Why go to a karaoke bar when you could butcher the words to “Bohemian Rhapsody” in your living room? The Singing Machine Bluetooth Karaoke System comes with everything you need to host your own karaoke party, including Hi-Fi LED disco lights and built-in speakers. Only on PlayStation PS4 Slim Bundle $249.95 (Original $379.99) Gamers looking to upgrade their PlayStation consoles can get a great deal on the PlayStation PS4. This bundle comes with a jet black PS4 console, two DUALSHOCK4 wireless controllers and three games (God of War, The Last of Us Remastered and Horizon Zero Dawn games). This article was created by Content Works, Postmedia’s commercial content division. While Postmedia may collect a commission on sales through the links on this page, we are not being paid by the brands mentioned. This Week's Milestones This Week's Flyers Comments Postmedia is pleased to bring you a new commenting experience. We are committed to maintaining a lively but civil forum for discussion and encourage all readers to share their views on our articles. Comments may take up to an hour for moderation before appearing on the site. We ask you to keep your comments relevant and respectful. Visit our Community Guidelines for more information. Sign in to Comment Connect With Us Most Popular Now Amherstburg Diageo workers ratify 3-year contract | Windsor Star Pussycat Dolls’ raunchy ‘nearly naked’ reunion sparks 400 complaints | Windsor Star Local home sale prices expected to make another big hike in 2020 | Windsor Star Guest column: Anesthesiologist shortage could be solved with nurse anesthetists | Windsor Star Kid Rock opens up about foul-mouthed Oprah Winfrey rant | Windsor Star Windsor woman dies in Chatham-Kent crash | Windsor Star CP Holiday Train arrives in Windsor, $7K for local food banks | Windsor Star Weather Weather Currently Feels Like We want you to have the most accurate weather report you can. Please enter a valid postal code Share this story The best home entertainment deals on Amazon for Cyber Monday Facebook Twitter Reddit Email Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn News All News Local News National World Traffic Business All Business Local Business Energy Technology FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Hockey Football Baseball Basketball Golf Soccer Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies Television Music Books Celebrity Life Milestones All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes Food From the Vault Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Travel 365 Bloor St East, Toronto, ON, M4W3L4, www.postmedia.com © 2019 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Classifieds Obits Careers Browse Classifieds Place a Classified Ad Celebrating Driving FlyerCity Local Directory Legal Privacy – Updated Terms Copyright & Permissions Digital Ad Registry Services Advertise With Us Subscribe My Subscription Edit Profile Contact ePaper Digital Access Contests Partnerships Properties Calgary Herald Canada.com Edmonton Journal London Free Press Montreal Gazette National Post Ottawa Citizen Leader-Post (Regina) The StarPhoenix (Saskatoon) The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun