The best Amazon deals for Cyber Monday | National Post		 Sign In Subscribe Search NationalPost.com ... News All News National World Toronto Politics Full Comment Sports All Sports NHL All NHL Vancouver Canucks Calgary Flames Edmonton Oilers Winnipeg Jets Toronto Maple Leafs Ottawa Senators Montreal Canadiens Baseball Basketball NBA NCAA Football CFL NFL Soccer Golf Golf Videos Tennis Culture All Culture Books Celebrity Movies Music Theatre Television Life All Life Health Homes Eating & Drinking Style Travel Life By Design Parenting Holiday Gift Guides More Horoscopes Jobs Classifieds Obituaries Flyercity Local Directory Driving Subscribe Financial Post Video The best Amazon deals for Cyber Monday Searching for the best Cyber Monday deals can quickly turn into a game of endless scrolling and serial tabbing. Here, we round up the top deals on Amazon Postmedia Gift Guides December 1, 2019 5:39 PM EST Last Updated December 2, 2019 2:13 PM EST Filed under Life Holiday Gift Guides Comment Facebook Twitter Reddit Email More Share this story The best Amazon deals for Cyber Monday Tumblr Pinterest Google+ LinkedIn Searching for the best Cyber Monday deals can quickly turn into a game of endless scrolling and serial tabbing. Here, we round up the top deals on Amazon to keep you from going down the Internet rabbit hole. Be sure to check Amazon.ca for new Cyber Monday Deals all week long. Zwilling J.A Henckels Twin Classic Series 12 Piece Cookware Set $229.49 (Original $699.99) If your New Year’s resolution involves breaking up with Uber Eats, here’s your chance to upgrade your kitchen equipment. The Zwilling J.A Henckels 12-piece cookware set comes in a sleek stainless steel design and ensures effective heat distribution, meaning you’ll have a harder time burning things. LAMBORGHINI Off Road Hoverboard $309.00 (Original $799.99) If you never quite figured out how to ride a skateboard, there’s the Lamborghini Off Road Hoverboard. The easy to ride hoverboard comes pimped out with a built-in Bluetooth speaker and LED lights. Echo Dot Smart Speaker $29.99 (Originally $69.99) Anyone can have a personal assistant with the Echo Dot Smart Speaker. The voice-controlled device connects with Alexa to steam music, give you news updates, make calls and it also works with compatible smart home devices. Instant Pot Pressure Cooker $89.99 (Originally $159.95) Slow cookers are so last year. Make all of your favourite holiday meals in a fraction of the time with the Instant Pot Pressure Cooker. The all-in-one kitchen staple can be used as a pressure cooker, slow cooker, rice cooker, yogurt maker, egg cooker, Steamer and it even makes cake. Venhoo Reusable Produce Bags $26.99 (Originally $69.99) Environmental crusaders can swap out plastic for these eco-friendly organic mesh bags. Each set keeps between 300 and 500 plastic bags out of landfills each year. Shark DuoClean Vacuum $159.88 (Originally $289.98) The ultra-light Shark DuoClean Vacuum was designed to deep clean both carpets and floors. It also comes with a self-cleaning brush roll that’s ideal for picking up pet hair. Insignia 58-inch 4K Smart TV $449.99 (Originally $749.99) Binge watch your favourite holiday movies and TV shows in 4K on the Insignia 58-inch 4K LED Smart TV. The Insignia Smart TV connects to WiFi to stream content straight from Netflix, Amazon Prime Video, YouTube, Crave and more. Fire HD 10 Tablet $149.99 (Originally $199.99) Amazon’s widescreen tablet is great for streaming movies and surfing the web on the go. It comes with 32 or 64GB of internal storage, HD display and has a 12-hour battery life. Fitbit Versa 2 $199.95 (Originally $249.95) If your New Year’s resolution involves getting healthy, the Fitbit Versa 2 can help you monitor your workouts and track your sleep quality. It also performs non-fitness related tasks, like checking the weather (courtesy of Alexa). This article was created by Content Works, Postmedia’s commercial content division. While Postmedia may collect a commission on sales through the links on this page, we are not being paid by the brands mentioned. Comments Join the conversation → Toronto Weather -1°C Light snow Feels like -5°C Tuesday 1°C Wednesday 2°C Thursday 0°C Friday 2°C Complete Forecast Holiday Gift Guides The best tech deals from Amazon for Cyber Monday The best cookware deals on Amazon for Cyber Monday The best Amazon beauty deals for Cyber Monday Best Bets: Your guide to buying a KitchenAid KSMVSA Fresh Prep Slicer/Shredder Attachment The best home entertainment deals on Amazon for Cyber Monday Best Bets: Your guide to buying an Echo Dot Best Bets: Your guide to buying a Nespresso Vertuo Coffee and Espresso Machine by Breville Best Bets: Your guide to buying a Vitamix Best Bets: Your guide to buying a PlayStation 4 Best Bets: Your guide to buying Bluetooth headphones Best Bets: Your guide to buying a Samsung Galaxy S10 Best Bets: Your guide to buying a Nintendo Switch Top Stories WatchHow Alberta completely eradicated rats from the province by declaring war on rodent hordes The result is that Alberta is a magical land where rats never destroy vegetable gardens and nobody gets diseased from rat droppings in their attic WatchBeyond Jordan Peterson: A National Post investigation into the state of free speech on campuses Is free speech under threat on university campuses today? Are governments right to intervene? Canada's cocaine cowboys: How a two-year RCMP sting led all the way to Mexican kingpin El Chapo A blood-soaked trail of interconnected traffickers and deals ran from the RCMP's Operation Harrington to the Sinaloa Cartel Everything you need to know about the flu, its symptoms and how to prevent it A common misconception is that influenza is the same as the stomach flu, but while influenza can lead to vomiting and diarrhoea, these are uncommon symptoms This Week's Flyers Comments Postmedia is pleased to bring you a new commenting experience. We are committed to maintaining a lively but civil forum for discussion and encourage all readers to share their views on our articles. We ask you to keep your comments relevant and respectful. Visit our community guidelines for more information. Sign in to Comment Classifieds Remembering Celebrating Classifieds Marketplace Careers FlyerCity Post a Classifieds ad Local Directory Advertise with Us Partnerships Appointment Notice Solutions Resources Content Works Sales Directory About Us My Account Subscriber Self-Serve ePaper Contact Us Stay Connected © 2019 National Post, a division of Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP 365 Bloor St East, Toronto, ON, M4W3L4, www.postmedia.com Privacy - Updated Terms Copyright Digital Ad Registry Site Map Contact Us