These 5 cars’ iconic names were tarnished by their makers | Driving Home News & Opinion Latest News Auto Shows Motor Mouth Lorraine Complains More Columns Reviews First Drives Road Tests Comparisons All Reviews Research Buyer's Guide Car Comparison New Car Deals Video Features All Features Safety and Maintenance Supercars Luxury Cars Classic Cars Electric Cars Motorcycles Lifestyle Gear Guide Get Exclusive Pricing Search Search Driving Popular Now Lorraine Explains: Mad enough to leave your insurance company? Wait! 1 4,000-hp Thor24 custom truck hammers for US$12 million in Saudi Arabia 2 These 5 cars’ iconic names were tarnished by their makers 3 Mazda Miata, Lexuses are Consumer Reports’ top 10 most reliable models 4 Colour commentary: why is bright paint on cars so expensive? 5 Feature Story These 5 cars' iconic names were tarnished by their makers How to keep your car's interior clean this winter Colour commentary: why is bright paint on cars so expensive? HOME / Ford / Mustang / Features / Feature Story / These 5 cars' iconic names were tarnished by their makers Turns out purists don’t love it when sports cars evolve into SUVs (or four-cylinders) by Coleman Molnar   | 1 day ago SHARE STORY Ford Mustang Mach-E Nadine Filion There are those who believe Ford’s 2021 Mach-E is making a ‘mach-ery’ of the Mustang legacy.  Their perspective is clear. First of all, it’s an SUV crossover. That alone could be seen as a disqualifying factor. Then there’s its source of power: batteries. That’s not a Mustang thing, is it? But you know who ultimately didn’t take issue with the concept of an electric SUV Mustang? Ford. And theirs is really the only opinion that matters, when it comes to the name that ends up on the fender. So, now it’s here, the first electric SUV Mustang, the reason for this roundup of vehicles that have also tarnished their good names. Have a read and let us know what you’d add to the list in the comments below.  1980 Dodge Challenger Scroll back through the generations of Dodge Challengers – there are only three, so it won’t take long – and you’ll notice one of them is, uh, not like the others. While the first-gen Challenger, which hit dealers late 1969 as a ’70 model, was a quintessential muscle car with an aggressive look and plenty of that big American personality thanks to its Slant Six or Hemi V8 engines, the generation that followed was something else entirely.  RELATED Motor Mouth: What the hell was Ford thinking? Ford insiders make the case for – and against – the Mach-E being named ‘Mustang’ Dodge imported much of its tech and style from Europe for the second-gen Challenger in 1979, replacing the lively six-cylinder and V8 with an inline-four with less grunt. It was essentially a rebranded Mitsubishi Galand Lambda coupe. And style-wise, the European-ing made the Challenger look more K-car than Countach. The North American public did not approve.  Thankfully, the arrival of the third-generation Challenger in 2008 marked a course correction. To quote our own reviewers, the 2019 Dodge Challenger Hellcat Redeye is an “absolute brute of a muscle car.” Phew! Lamborghini Urus It’s sad to think that somewhere there’s a little boy or girl growing up with pictures of this SUV on their bedroom wall. Compared to Lambo’s other svelte models, the Urus has an unflattering bovine body build, though perhaps that’s fitting for a vehicle named after the ancestor of modern domestic cattle.  The thing is, it’s not the Urus’s fault. It’s a luxury SUV doing what luxury SUVs do, being super-useful whilst looking like a cow. No, it’s Lamborghini’s fault. Because the mere presence of a family-hauler in the lineup of one of the most esteemed supercar makers in the world cheapens the brand.  And in that way, the Urus just doesn’t make sense. But with nearly half of the brand’s global sales being from the Urus, now (according to Lamborghini Palm Beach) we guess it does make money, at least.  1976 Mustang II Cobra II The Mach-E wasn’t the only “Mustang” in the car’s 55-year history to fail to live up to its name. Back in 1974, Ford put out the Mustang II, a smaller, lighter pony that borrowed tack from the Pinto and used a four- or six-cylinder engine instead of the traditional V8 in order to help the average American consumer save money at the pumps. That alone made the Mustang II something of a point of contention with the purists.  Then, in 1976, with the cries of the blue-blooded fans having subsided and a V8 back under the hood, the Blue Oval released a trim package called the Cobra II. The Mustang II Cobra II was just about as awkward as its name. It had racing stripes, a decorative hood scoop and other superfluous racing paraphernalia that made it look like, well, a Pinto covered in racing parts.  The Mustang II is difficult to find today, and that’s probably not a bad thing.   2019 Chevrolet Blazer It used to be the Chevrolet Blazer was a full-size two-door truck-based V8 beast capable of turning heads and tearing up earth. That’s how GM served up the first-generation K5 Blazer, and that was basically the reputation it held for forty years until production of the S-10 Blazer ceased in 2005.  Then, spurred on by the meteoric rise of the sport-ute, Chevrolet got the blasphemous idea to reintroduce the Blazer as a midsize SUV. If this is evolution, then Charles Darwin was an asshole.  Also, if “this newest Blazer is nothing like the old Blazers,” as Driving’s Brian Harper suggests, then is it a Blazer at all? Couldn’t they just have introduced a new name? Mitsubishi Eclipse Cross If this list can teach automakers anything, it’s that mashing the legacy of a performance car into the shape of an SUV is going to ruffle some feathers.  That’s what happened to the Eclipse when the Eclipse Cross arrived in 2018 — Eclipse lovers basically moulted. Mitsubishi introduced the Eclipse as a compact sports car in 1989, and left it as such for four generations until 2011.  Then, after a few years’ break, it returned, but not really.  Like the Urus, the Eclipse Cross was a fine SUV. It even managed to stand out slightly in the crowded segment thanks to a fastback-style profile and an attainable price tag. But it did little to carry the Eclipse performance torch, a mantle the Japanese multinational brand seemed willing to put down.  But all may not be lost for fans of Mitsubishi performance cars. Recent rumours suggest the Lancer Evolution may be getting a reboot, and not as an SUV.  RELATED TAGS Mustang Ford SUV Flex Feature Story COMMENTS SHARE YOUR THOUGHTS We encourage all readers to share their views on our articles using Facebook commenting Visit our FAQ page for more information. Local Pricing & Incentives Year 2019 2018 2017 Choose A Make Choose A Model Choose A Trim Please select a vehicle MSRP $--- See what your neighbours are paying Most Popular Comparisons Midsize sedans to heat things up Go big and go home with new pickups Hybrids making it easier to go green Compact cars without compromise Top picks for a blend of sport and utility Battle of bulk between these muscle cars Faceoff between best-selling sports utes Popular Now Lorraine Explains: Mad enough to leave your insurance company? Wait! 1 4,000-hp Thor24 custom truck hammers for US$12 million in Saudi Arabia 2 These 5 cars’ iconic names were tarnished by their makers 3 Mazda Miata, Lexuses are Consumer Reports’ top 10 most reliable models 4 Colour commentary: why is bright paint on cars so expensive? 5 You may also like News   You can now get a 1,000-hp Ford Mustang for US$55,000 Feature Story   Ford insiders make the case for – and against – the Mach-E being named… Feature Story   Motor Mouth: What the hell was Ford thinking? News   Wild horses: The internet reacts to Ford's 2021 Mustang Mach-E First Drives   First Drive: 2020 Ford Mustang Shelby GT500 News   5 things you need to know about the 2021 Ford Mustang Mach-E Share This Story All Car Brands Acura Alfa Romeo Aston Martin Audi Bentley BMW Bugatti Buick Cadillac Chevrolet Chrysler Daewoo Dodge Eagle Ferrari FIAT Fisker Ford Genesis GMC Honda HUMMER Hyundai Infiniti Isuzu Jaguar Jeep Kia Lamborghini Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Lotus Maserati Maybach Mazda McLaren Mercedes-Benz Mercury MINI Mitsubishi Nissan Oldsmobile Peugeot Plymouth Pontiac Porsche Ram Renault Rolls-Royce Saab Saturn Scion Smart Spyker Subaru Suzuki Tesla Toyota Volkswagen Volvo A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Subscribe to the Driving newsletter Thank you for subscribing! Please input a valid e-mail address Sign me up! Follow Driving is a part of Postmedia Network Inc. About Driving Contact Us FAQ Advertiser Inquiries Sitemap 365 Bloor St East, Toronto, ON, M4W3L4, www.postmedia.com © 2019 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distrbution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Privacy Terms Copyright & Permissions