This Porsche X Lucasfilm starship will get you pumped for the new ‘Star Wars’ film | Driving Home News & Opinion Latest News Auto Shows Motor Mouth Lorraine Complains More Columns Reviews First Drives Road Tests Comparisons All Reviews Research Buyer's Guide Car Comparison New Car Deals Video Features All Features Safety and Maintenance Supercars Luxury Cars Classic Cars Electric Cars Motorcycles Lifestyle Gear Guide Get Exclusive Pricing Search Search Driving Popular Now Lorraine Explains: Mad enough to leave your insurance company? Wait! 1 Mazda Miata, Lexuses are Consumer Reports’ top 10 most reliable models 2 These 5 cars’ iconic names were tarnished by their makers 3 4,000-hp Thor24 custom truck hammers for US$12 million in Saudi Arabia 4 Colour commentary: why is bright paint on cars so expensive? 5 News This Porsche X Lucasfilm starship will get you pumped for the new 'Star Wars' film 4,000-hp Thor24 custom truck hammers for US$12 million in Saudi Arabia The Audi RSQ E-Tron Concept is back in 'Spies in Disguise' HOME / Porsche / Auto News / News / This Porsche X Lucasfilm starship will get you pumped for the new 'Star Wars' film New sketches reveal details about the fantasy starship with German roots by Coleman Molnar   | November 27, 2019 SHARE STORY The Porsche Taycan had an Imperial escort at its recent debut in Singapore, rolling along the black carpet beside a squad of stormtroopers.   In fact, Porsche built an entire “spaceport” in collaboration with designers at Lucasfilm for the event, which also hyped the upcoming film Star Wars: Rise of Skywalker.  And while those of us in the Western world have already seen the Taycan, we hadn’t laid eyes on the sketches of the spacecraft also co-designed by Porsche and the Star Wars team, presented at the event. The starship combines Porsche and Star Wars design elements for a piece of fantasy machinery that, though it probably won’t appear in any actual Star Wars movies, looks like something a young Han Solo would totally enjoy hijacking. It’s got bits reminiscent of the X-Wing, Y-Wing and U-Wing with touches of the Taycan. “Even though they do not seem to share many elements at first glance, both worlds have a similar design philosophy,” said Michael Mauer, Vice President Style Porsche at Porsche AG, in a press release. RELATED Hot Wheels builds a real version of toy model X-wing First Drive: 2020 Porsche Taycan Turbo S “The close collaboration with the Star Wars design team inspires and fascinates us — it was a pleasure to present the design process and some sketches together with Doug Chiang in Singapore. We are looking forward to finalizing the fantasy spaceship design within the next weeks.” While they wait for said promised final product, super-fans of Porsche, Star Wars or both can nerd out at the Wired microsite dedicated to the build process, which includes videos, insights and even more sketches of the ship.  RELATED TAGS Porsche Luxury News COMMENTS SHARE YOUR THOUGHTS We encourage all readers to share their views on our articles using Facebook commenting Visit our FAQ page for more information. Local Pricing & Incentives Year 2019 2018 2017 Choose A Make Choose A Model Choose A Trim Please select a vehicle MSRP $--- See what your neighbours are paying Most Popular Comparisons Midsize sedans to heat things up Go big and go home with new pickups Hybrids making it easier to go green Compact cars without compromise Top picks for a blend of sport and utility Battle of bulk between these muscle cars Faceoff between best-selling sports utes Popular Now Lorraine Explains: Mad enough to leave your insurance company? Wait! 1 Mazda Miata, Lexuses are Consumer Reports’ top 10 most reliable models 2 These 5 cars’ iconic names were tarnished by their makers 3 4,000-hp Thor24 custom truck hammers for US$12 million in Saudi Arabia 4 Colour commentary: why is bright paint on cars so expensive? 5 You may also like News  This new-Porsche-996-that-looks-like-an-old-one has the Internet divided News  The most – and least – reliable brands for 2019, ranked by Consumer Reports News  California tuner loses US$3M in classic Porsche cars and parts in fire News  2020 Porsche 718 Boxster T and Cayman T make North American debut News  The 2020 Porsche 911 Carrera will have a seven-speed manual transmission Feature Story  Practical Performance: 6 vehicles that are both fast and useful Share This Story All Car Brands Acura Alfa Romeo Aston Martin Audi Bentley BMW Bugatti Buick Cadillac Chevrolet Chrysler Daewoo Dodge Eagle Ferrari FIAT Fisker Ford Genesis GMC Honda HUMMER Hyundai Infiniti Isuzu Jaguar Jeep Kia Lamborghini Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Lotus Maserati Maybach Mazda McLaren Mercedes-Benz Mercury MINI Mitsubishi Nissan Oldsmobile Peugeot Plymouth Pontiac Porsche Ram Renault Rolls-Royce Saab Saturn Scion Smart Spyker Subaru Suzuki Tesla Toyota Volkswagen Volvo A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Subscribe to the Driving newsletter Thank you for subscribing! Please input a valid e-mail address Sign me up! Follow Driving is a part of Postmedia Network Inc. About Driving Contact Us FAQ Advertiser Inquiries Sitemap 365 Bloor St East, Toronto, ON, M4W3L4, www.postmedia.com © 2019 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distrbution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Privacy Terms Copyright & Permissions