This guy built a working ‘Star Wars’ land speeder in his garage | Driving Home News & Opinion Latest News Auto Shows Motor Mouth Lorraine Complains More Columns Reviews First Drives Road Tests Comparisons All Reviews Research Buyer's Guide Car Comparison New Car Deals Video Features All Features Safety and Maintenance Supercars Luxury Cars Classic Cars Electric Cars Motorcycles Lifestyle Gear Guide Get Exclusive Pricing Search Search Driving Popular Now Lorraine Explains: Mad enough to leave your insurance company? Wait! 1 Mazda Miata, Lexuses are Consumer Reports’ top 10 most reliable models 2 These 5 cars’ iconic names were tarnished by their makers 3 4,000-hp Thor24 custom truck hammers for US$12 million in Saudi Arabia 4 Colour commentary: why is bright paint on cars so expensive? 5 News This guy built a working 'Star Wars' land speeder in his garage Mazda mulls over making the MX-5 electric Mazda Miata, Lexuses are Consumer Reports' top 10 most reliable models HOME / Auto News / News / This guy built a working 'Star Wars' land speeder in his garage Combine a tonne of ambition and an eBay sponsorship and you get this most improbable movie car by Alex Reid   | 5 mins ago SHARE STORY YouTuber colinfurze has taken Star Wars fandom to the next level by building a full-sized replica of the land speeder Luke Skywalker drives in A New Hope. Showcasing some old-school metal-forming techniques used by coachbuilders, Colin is able to bring a small model of the iconic craft up to 1:1 scale. In fact, he uses the toy speedster replica to get the real thing’s proportions and details right. The body sits atop a stripped-down golf cart, which he bought on eBay for 1,300 pounds (about $2,200). In fact, most of the parts used for the build were sourced from eBay, which sponsored the build. The final product is incredible, and the detail Colin managed to translate into the full-sized replica is immense, right down to the exposed engine cover and the interior. Colin doesn’t mention how long it took to build the land speeder, but we’re guessing it was more than a few days. RELATED This Porsche X Lucasfilm starship will get you pumped for the new ‘Star Wars’ film Hot Wheels builds a real version of toy model X-wing According to Colin, there have been other fibreglass reproductions, but this is likely the first steel speeder replica ever made. This isn’t the first Star Wars build he’s done, either; previous projects include an AT-AT tree house of sorts; and Darth Vader’s TIE fighter. However, this is the first project he’s done that actually moves, and can be driven. The channel is not limited to Star Wars stuff; he’s also built a jet-powered go-kart, a hoverbike and a hot tub BMW. Still to come from the YouTuber is a video of the vehicle being driven, and he also says that it will eventually get a paint job. RELATED TAGS Non-Luxury News COMMENTS SHARE YOUR THOUGHTS We encourage all readers to share their views on our articles using Facebook commenting Visit our FAQ page for more information. Local Pricing & Incentives Year 2019 2018 2017 Choose A Make Choose A Model Choose A Trim Please select a vehicle MSRP $--- See what your neighbours are paying Most Popular Comparisons Midsize sedans to heat things up Go big and go home with new pickups Hybrids making it easier to go green Compact cars without compromise Top picks for a blend of sport and utility Battle of bulk between these muscle cars Faceoff between best-selling sports utes Popular Now Lorraine Explains: Mad enough to leave your insurance company? Wait! 1 Mazda Miata, Lexuses are Consumer Reports’ top 10 most reliable models 2 These 5 cars’ iconic names were tarnished by their makers 3 4,000-hp Thor24 custom truck hammers for US$12 million in Saudi Arabia 4 Colour commentary: why is bright paint on cars so expensive? 5 You may also like News  Watch the 2021 Jaguar F-Type hit 480 km/h (in Hot Wheels form) News  Mazda Miata, Lexuses are Consumer Reports' top 10 most reliable models News  Mazda mulls over making the MX-5 electric News  News Roundup: A pickup tug-of-war war, a 1,000-hp Mustang, plus an actual pony car News  Chevrolet will lose money on base-price C8 Corvettes: report News  The newest New York City taxi cab is — the Tesla Model 3 Share This Story All Car Brands Acura Alfa Romeo Aston Martin Audi Bentley BMW Bugatti Buick Cadillac Chevrolet Chrysler Daewoo Dodge Eagle Ferrari FIAT Fisker Ford Genesis GMC Honda HUMMER Hyundai Infiniti Isuzu Jaguar Jeep Kia Lamborghini Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Lotus Maserati Maybach Mazda McLaren Mercedes-Benz Mercury MINI Mitsubishi Nissan Oldsmobile Peugeot Plymouth Pontiac Porsche Ram Renault Rolls-Royce Saab Saturn Scion Smart Spyker Subaru Suzuki Tesla Toyota Volkswagen Volvo A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Subscribe to the Driving newsletter Thank you for subscribing! Please input a valid e-mail address Sign me up! Follow Driving is a part of Postmedia Network Inc. About Driving Contact Us FAQ Advertiser Inquiries Sitemap 365 Bloor St East, Toronto, ON, M4W3L4, www.postmedia.com © 2019 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distrbution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Privacy Terms Copyright & Permissions