Thousands converge on Beaconsfield to catch CP Holiday Train event | Montreal Gazette	 Skip to navigation Skip to content News All News Local News All Local News Off-Island Gazette West Island Gazette Quebec National Election 2019 World Opinion All Opinion Columnists Editorials Aislin and other editorial cartoons Sports All Sports Hockey Inside Out All Hockey Inside Out Live Game Blog HI/O Show Where To Watch The Habs Hockey All Hockey Hockey Inside Out Montreal Canadiens NHL World Juniors Football All Football Montreal Alouettes CFL NFL Soccer All Soccer Montreal Impact MLS Baseball Basketball All Basketball NBA NCAA Tennis Golf Golf Videos Auto Racing Business All Business FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Energy Local Business All Local Business Aerospace Personal Finance Real Estate Retail Technology All Technology Gaming Internet Personal Tech Science Tech-Biz Small Business Arts Local Arts All Arts Montreal movies All Movies Movie Listings Television All Television TV Listings Montreal theatre Music All Music NP Music Books Celebrity Life All Life Fashion & Beauty Food All Food Recipes Local Food Reviews Health All Health Diet & Fitness Family & Child Men Women Seniors Sexual Health Diet & Fitness Homes All Homes Buying and Selling Condos Decorating Renovating Gardening Vacation Homes Life By Design Parenting Relationships Travel Royals Obits Classifieds All Classifieds FlyerCity Celebrating Browse Listings Place a Classifieds Ad Local Directory Careers Driving Subscribe News Local News West Island Gazette |Featured: Gangs of Montreal Hockey Inside/Out Bill 21 Obesity History Through Our Eyes Cannabis Insider's Guide Videos Archives | More Open Search Close Search Search Videos Sign In Sign Out Subscribe Thousands converge on Beaconsfield to catch CP Holiday Train event With some highway exits blocked, not everyone got to see the festive CP Holiday Train in Beaconsfield John Meagher, Montreal Gazette Updated: November 29, 2019 The CP Holiday Train stopped in Beaconsfield on Nov. 26. West Island Gazette / West Island Gazette Share Adjust Comment Print The CP Holiday Train once again drew a big crowd in Beaconsfield Tuesday night, but not everyone got to see the brightly-lit train. Thousands of Montrealers poured into the area for the train’s arrival at 8:20 p.m. but just getting to the Beaconsfield station proved an impossible task for some West Islanders like Louise D’Amour, who drove from Dorval only to find the exit for St. Charles Blvd., at Highway 20, blocked. “My family had been planning this for some time and wished to be part of the scheduled entertainment however we could not get there,” D’Amour told the West Island Gazette. “The exits going east and west for St. Charles off the 20 were closed, and then we were stuck in traffic to return back home to Dorval.” “We would have liked to be part of the festivities,” D’Amour said. “It’s unfortunate as many people were in the same predicament.” The CP Holiday Train event has grown in popularity since its inception in 1999, and many streets in the area are blocked off for traffic and security reasons. Getting to the station on Elm Ave. is not as easy at it was a decade ago, especially for those bringing along and kids and strollers. Some motorists simply let their passengers out while stuck in traffic on St. Charles Blvd. Others parked on adjacent streets or at the Beaconsfield Shopping Centre and made the short walk to the station. Police and security patrols kept both pedestrians and vehicles moving through the area, but with thousands of people arriving at the last minute, streets and sidewalks leading to the station became congested. Some holiday train-spotters simply stood on Beaurepaire Drive, on the opposite side of Highway 20, to catch a glimpse of the train decked out in thousands of festive lights — even though they couldn’t see or barely hear the entertainment by musical performers Scott Helman, Madeline Merlo and Vishten. Beaconsfield Mayor George Bourelle said estimates put the crowd at 4,000. He noted that many people appeared to arrive at the last-minute, making for a scramble to catch the scheduled 30-minute show. Bourelle said the best way to avoid getting stuck in traffic is to arrive early. He said Beaconsfield station is excellent venue for the CP holiday Train because it offers enough space for thousands of people to view the show.  The city also erected spectator stands for the show. Before arriving in Beaconsfield, the holiday train made a stop at Montreal West. Valois Village in Pointe-Claire also held its own special event as the train passed through. D’Amour wishes the train would make more stops along the way, including another stop in the West Island, perhaps in Dorval. “It would alleviate all the traffic and fix the problem,” she said. Related CP Holiday Train makes its annual stop in Beaconsfield Nov. 26 Kramberger: On a mission to deliver toys and food security A magical coach house Christmas at Dorval Museum The CP Holiday Train makes more than 170 stops in the United States and Canada. On its website, CP explains why the holiday train can’t stop in every town. “Every year we receive dozens of requests from communities across our network for the Holiday Train to make a stop.  With so many communities, it is always a challenge for us to determine the routing and schedule for the trains. We try to vary the stops from year to year to accommodate as many locations and food banks as possible.” Bourelle said the CP Holiday Train has become a popular annual tradition for local residents. So popular, in fact, that some residents staked out positions near the Beaurepaire train station, located one stop to the west of Beaconsfield station, in hopes of catching a glimpse of the Christmas-themed train. “But the train doesn’t go past Beaconsfield,” explained Bourelle. “It stops at Beaconsfield then turns around. We heard that some people waited till after 10 p.m. at Beaurepaire hoping to see the train.” He said the city plans to keep working with Canadian Pacific and Montreal police to keep the CP Holiday Train such a popular event on the calendar. It also doubles as a key collection event for local food banks. “It’s a great event and Beaconsfield is very happy to host it,” Bourelle said. Since 1999, the CP Holiday Train has raised more than $15.8 million and gathered 4.5 million pounds of food for North American food banks along CP’s routes in Canada and the United States. In addition, CP makes a donation at each stop. jmeagher@postmedia.com Schukov: Parting note on pit bulls, I wish ... Second World War veteran stands in tribute to those who fell... This Week's Flyers Comments Postmedia is pleased to bring you a new commenting experience. We are committed to maintaining a lively but civil forum for discussion and encourage all readers to share their views on our articles. Comments may take up to an hour for moderation before appearing on the site. We ask you to keep your comments relevant and respectful. Visit our Community Guidelines for more information. Sign in to Comment Connect With Us News From Montreal Local News McGill student society denies claims of anti-Semitism Dispute erupts over offer of an all-expenses paid trip to Israel and the Palestinian territories for student leaders. Hockey Inside Out What the Puck: Making the Canadiens great again begins at the top The time has come for Habs boss Geoff Molson to take charge and that means firing his entire management team and starting over. Local News Montreal arson squad investigates fires in Pointe-aux-Trembles, Ahuntsic One fire might have been deliberately set — the other absolutely was. Close Daily Headline News Thank you for subscribing to Postmedia's Newsletter. Email By clicking “Submit”, I consent to receiving the above communication from Postmedia Network Inc. I understand that I may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. Submit Share this story Thousands converge on Beaconsfield to catch CP Holiday Train event Facebook Twitter Reddit Email Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn News All News Local News Quebec National World Opinion All Opinion Columnists Editorials Aislin and other editorial cartoons Sports All Sports Hockey Inside Out Hockey Football Soccer Baseball Basketball Tennis Golf Auto Racing Business All Business FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Energy Local Business Technology Small Business Arts Local Arts All Arts Montreal movies Television Montreal theatre Music Books Celebrity Life All Life Fashion & Beauty Food Health Diet & Fitness Homes Life By Design Parenting Relationships Travel Royals 365 Bloor St East, Toronto, ON, M4W3L4, www.postmedia.com © 2019 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Classifieds Obits Careers Browse Classifieds Place a Classified Ad Celebrating Driving FlyerCity Legal Privacy – Updated Terms Copyright & Permissions Digital Ad Registry Services Advertise With Us Subscribe My Subscription Edit Profile Contact ePaper Digital Access Contests Archives Properties Calgary Herald Canada.com Edmonton Journal Leader-Post (Regina) London Free Press National Post Ottawa Citizen The StarPhoenix (Saskatoon) The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun Windsor Star