Titcoin Receives Two Web & Tech Xbiz Nominations – Payout Magazine – Adult Industry B2B Skip to content Home Event Galleries Articles and Tips Press Releases Issue Archive Advertising Event Calendar Subscribe Contact You are here Home > Press Releases > Titcoin Receives Two Web & Tech Xbiz Nominations Titcoin Receives Two Web & Tech Xbiz Nominations - (New York, NY) Titcoin has established themselves as the official digital currency of the adult entertainment industry, and now they’re the only crypto currency to receive 2015 XBIZ nominations. Titcoin received nods for Innovative Web Product of the Year and Alternative Payment Services Company of the Year. 2014 is quickly becoming the year of Titcoin with recent profiles in Cosmo, Playboy and The Daily Mirror, a hugely successful show and seminar at Exxxotica NJ, and now two XBIZ nominations. “We are very pleased that XBIZ is recognizing not only Titcoin, but also the growing importance of digital currency in the adult industry and beyond,” says Founder Edward Mansfield. “We’ve been very well received and will be announcing new partners very soon. Thank you, XBIZ.” Hosted by James Deen and presented by Fleshlight, the 2015 XBIZ Awards will take place at L.A. Live on January 15th. Adult companies and performers interested in learning more about Titcoin and/or using it as a payment solution should contact Pat at info@coyotewallstreet.com. Get information on getting Titcoin in your wallet by going to Titcoins.biz. Media inquiries about Titcoin should be directed to Erika Icon of The Rub PR at erika@therubpr.com. — About Titcoin Launched in June of 2014, Titcoin is the official digital currency of the adult entertainment industry. Like Bitcoin, it is a crypto currency that allows anonymity and privacy for the users. Online sites can garner more business since it allows customers to make purchases without a credit card or bank account, and their profits are protected since there are no chargebacks. And unlike most other crypto currencies, Titcoin has exponentially speedier transactions—you get your money in under six minutes, without any unnecessary waiting. Edward Mansfield, a digital media and online advertising guru with 20 years of experience, and Richard Allen, who has 25 solid years as a mastermind of business development, both founded Titcoin. Patrick ‘PK’ McDonnell (AKA The Coyote of Wall Street) recently joined the team and brings with him 23 years of experience on Wall Street. Titcoin has been profiled in CNET, Men’sHealth Magazine, Playboy, Cosmo, Vice Magazine, Gizmodo, Bustle, Metro UK, The Daily Mirror, Swagger New York, South Africa’s Times Live, Soundcrave, UK’s Raver’s DVD, AVN, and XBIZ. In 2014, Tticoin received two XBIZ nominations for Innovative Web Product of the Year and Alternative Payment Services Company of the Year. They may have a catchy name and a sexy logo, but their goal is to be the go-to for the adult industry for digital currency. Get your wallet and start using Titcoin today by going to Titcoin.biz or Titcoin.xxx. Keep up with their ever-growing empire by following them on Twitter at @OfficialTitcoin and liking them on Facebook at https://www.facebook.com/titcoin. ### Similar Articles The Buzz This Holiday Season: OhMiBod Lovelife Toys Make for the Best Gift Jasmin Academy: Back To Budapest For Second Edition Brenna Sparks Update: Blockchain Nomination, Another Magazine Cover & New Movies XBiz Nominates Vicky Vette Webstar Of The Year & Best Performer Site! Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Current Issue Payout Digital Vol. 9.6 Your Ad Here? Random Posts Della Dane Hosting NYE Eyes Wide Shut Mardi Gras Masquerade Soirée (Hollywood, CA) December 31, 2017 - Statuesque new-comer Della Dane Savana Styles Releases 1st DVD from Alpha Females & Moderates #SexTalkTuesday (Hollywood, CA) September 26, 2017 - Adult star Savana Styles Reporo Announces Brand New Smart Link (Cyberspace) August 29, 2017 - Mobile performance ad network Reporo has Crypto Queen Brenna Sparks Featured @ Coin Rivet (Las Vegas, NV) June 8, 2019 - Whip-smart exotic adult Features Stay tuned and check in for coverage of all facets of industry ecommerce – whatever online verticals you are involved in we will be sharing information that will help you maximize both your efforts and revenues. We’ll be reviewing personalities, websites, software and providing plenty of how-to articles, along with global industry trends, data and analysis to stimulate ideas and get you thinking about creative ways to innovate as we all move forward. Specials For all our entrepreneurs, program owners, affiliate webmasters – readers working in every aspect of ecommerce – watch for insight, deals, events and opportunities you won’t see covered anywhere else. Market your products and services, promote your latest offers to our extraordinary readership – get current and forward thinking information you can use every day – useful information combined with a little harmless diversion – get involved and move ahead. Events Follow MikeB and PAYOUT Magazine around the world, hitting every significant industry event and, recording it for posterity as only MikeB can! Global distribution in print and digital issues – sponsor event coverage and engage in print and digital marketing with life well beyond the tradeshow – sponsor ad pages, photo galleries, site banners – see and be seen – PAYOUT Magazine readers are working in the industry – make sure they know who you are… © 2016 New Alchemy Limited Top