Toronto upsets Atlanta United to reach MLS Cup final | Windsor Star	 Skip to navigation Skip to content News All News Local News National Election 2019 World Traffic Business All Business Local Business Energy Technology All Technology Gaming Internet Personal Tech Science Space Tech-Biz FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Hockey All Hockey NHL Detroit Red Wings Toronto Maple Leafs Football All Football NFL Detroit Lions CFL Baseball All Baseball Detroit Tigers Basketball All Basketball NBA NCAA Windsor Express Golf Golf Videos Soccer All Soccer International Soccer MLS Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies All Movies Movie Listings Television All Television TV Listings Music All Music NP Music Books Celebrity Life Milestones All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes All Homes Condos Decorating Gardening Renovating Vacation Homes Food All Food Local Food Reviews Recipes From the Vault Health All Health Diet & Fitness Family & Child Men Women Seniors Sexual Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Travel Obits Classifieds All Classifieds Flyercity Celebrating Browse Listings Place a Classifieds Ad Local Directory Careers Driving All Driving News Reviews Car Comparison Buyer’s Guide Subscription Sports Soccer MLS |Featured: Library Strike Fit Tips Kelly Steele Windsor In Pictures | More Open Search Close Search Search Videos Sign In Sign Out Subscribe Toronto upsets Atlanta United to reach MLS Cup final Reuters Updated: October 30, 2019 Toronto FC midfielder Michael Bradley (4) defends a free kick against Atlanta United in the first half at Mercedes-Benz Stadium. Brett Davis / USA TODAY Sports Share Adjust Comment Print Substitute Nick DeLeon scored in the 78th minute, and Quentin Westberg made a key penalty-shot save in the first half as visiting Toronto FC rallied to upset defending MLS Cup champion Atlanta United 2-1 in the Eastern Conference final on Wednesday night. For the third time in four seasons, Toronto will face the Seattle Sounders in the MLS Cup final. The Nov. 10 game will be played in Seattle. The Sounders won the title in 2016, and TFC got payback one season later. Nicolas Benezet also scored for fourth-seeded Toronto. The decisive goal was a laser strike from De Leon, following a pirouette move at the top of the box, that found the top corner of the net to break a 1-1 tie late in the match. Second-seeded Atlanta was the aggressor most of the night but was unable to prevail despite having a chance to put the game away in the first quarter-hour. It was just the third MLS home loss of the season for United, and it was Toronto’s first-ever victory at Atlanta. The scoring began in the fourth minute when Atlanta’s Gonzalo “Pity” Martinez got behind the Toronto back line. Teammate Julian Gressel caught up to make it a two-on-one with TFC keeper Westberg, and Gressel took an easy pass from Martinez and drilled it into an empty net for a 1-0 Atlanta lead. Westberg, though, announced his presence in the 11th minute when he made a diving stop on Josef Martinez’s penalty attempt following a Michael Bradley foul in the box. TFC then answered three minutes later when Benezet bent a shot from the left elbow of the box that was slotted past Atlanta goalkeeper Brad Guzan to level the score line. Atlanta kept the pressure coming, especially from Josef Martinez, but Westberg remained solid, and Toronto eventually took advantage on one of its few opportunities of the evening. De Leon was essentially unmarked when he drove his winner toward the net, on one of the few defensive lapses on the night by Atlanta, which owned an 18-4 overall shot advantage. Toronto again played without star forward Jozy Altidore, who was dealing with a quad injury. It’s uncertain if he will be ready for the final at Seattle. –Field Level Media Lancer volleyball dealing with a major loss for both men's and... University/College roundup: Saints Free takes OCAA gold while Tecumseh's Ubene wins... This Week's Flyers Comments Postmedia is pleased to bring you a new commenting experience. We are committed to maintaining a lively but civil forum for discussion and encourage all readers to share their views on our articles. Comments may take up to an hour for moderation before appearing on the site. We ask you to keep your comments relevant and respectful. Visit our Community Guidelines for more information. Sign in to Comment Connect With Us Most Popular Now Pussycat Dolls’ raunchy ‘nearly naked’ reunion sparks 400 complaints | Windsor Star Flood watch issued for Windsor-Essex | Windsor Star Amherstburg Diageo workers ratify 3-year contract | Windsor Star Reader letter: Most people are doing nothing about climate change | Windsor Star CP Holiday Train arrives in Windsor, $7K for local food banks | Windsor Star Canada’s Continental Gold agrees to $1.3 billion takeover by one of China’s biggest gold miners ... Guest column: Anesthesiologist shortage could be solved with nurse anesthetists | Windsor Star Share this story Toronto upsets Atlanta United to reach MLS Cup final Facebook Twitter Reddit Email Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn News All News Local News National World Traffic Business All Business Local Business Energy Technology FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Hockey Football Baseball Basketball Golf Soccer Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies Television Music Books Celebrity Life Milestones All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes Food From the Vault Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Travel 365 Bloor St East, Toronto, ON, M4W3L4, www.postmedia.com © 2019 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Classifieds Obits Careers Browse Classifieds Place a Classified Ad Celebrating Driving FlyerCity Local Directory Legal Privacy – Updated Terms Copyright & Permissions Digital Ad Registry Services Advertise With Us Subscribe My Subscription Edit Profile Contact ePaper Digital Access Contests Partnerships Properties Calgary Herald Canada.com Edmonton Journal London Free Press Montreal Gazette National Post Ottawa Citizen Leader-Post (Regina) The StarPhoenix (Saskatoon) The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun