Twenty dead, including four cops, as Mexican cartel riding in skull-decorated trucks attacks town | National Post		 Sign In Subscribe Search NationalPost.com ... News All News National World Toronto Politics Full Comment Sports All Sports NHL All NHL Vancouver Canucks Calgary Flames Edmonton Oilers Winnipeg Jets Toronto Maple Leafs Ottawa Senators Montreal Canadiens Baseball Basketball NBA NCAA Football CFL NFL Soccer Golf Golf Videos Tennis Culture All Culture Books Celebrity Movies Music Theatre Television Life All Life Health Homes Eating & Drinking Style Travel Life By Design Parenting Holiday Gift Guides More Horoscopes Jobs Classifieds Obituaries Flyercity Local Directory Driving Subscribe Financial Post Video Twenty dead, including four cops, as Mexican cartel riding in skull-decorated trucks attacks town Riding in heavily armed pickups, gunmen sprayed town offices in Villa Union with bullets and fought Mexican police for more than 90 minutes A pick up truck is pictured after clashes sparked by suspected cartel gunmen in a northern Mexican town killed 20 people this weekend in Villa Union, in Coahuila state, Mexico December 1, 2019. REUTERS/Gerardo Sanchez Reuters December 2, 2019 11:09 AM EST Filed under News World Comment Facebook Twitter Reddit Email More Share this story Twenty dead, including four cops, as Mexican cartel riding in skull-decorated trucks attacks town Tumblr Pinterest Google+ LinkedIn MEXICO CITY — Clashes sparked by suspected cartel gunmen in a northern Mexican town killed 20 people this weekend, authorities said, putting more pressure on Mexico’s president to curb gang violence after the United States vowed to label the gangs terrorists. The government of the northern state of Coahuila said local security forces killed 14 gunmen on Saturday and Sunday, after a major gunfight broke out in the small town of Villa Union near the Texas border. Earlier, the state government had said police had shot dead 17 cartel members. A bullet-riddled pick-up truck is pictured after clashes sparked by suspected cartel gunmen in a northern Mexican town that killed 20 people this weekend, in Villa Union, Coahuila state, Mexico December 1, 2019. REUTERS/Gerardo Sanchez Four police were also killed in the shootouts, which broke out around midday on Saturday. The bodies of two unarmed civilians apparently murdered by the gunmen were also recovered, the government said. A number of the gunmen, who were suspected members of the Cartel del Noreste (Cartel of the Northeast) from Tamaulipas state, were killed by state police in pursuit of the raiding party after it fled Villa Union, authorities said. The Cartel del Noreste was formed in recent years after a split in the hyper-violent Los Zetas Cartel. In videos posted from the weekend carnage, destroyed trucks could be seen bearing the group’s logo — the letters C.D.N. and a cartoon skull. Another deadly confrontation in Mexico between cartel members and security forces… Armed men from the Cartel del Noreste rolled into the town of #VillaUnion on Saturday, attempting to take over municipal buildings. 20 people lost their lives in the gun battle that followed. pic.twitter.com/ZhU0vSLAmq— On Demand News (@ODN) December 2, 2019 “The reason for the military-style attack remained unclear Sunday. Cartels have been contending for control of smuggling routes in northern Mexico, but there was no immediate evidence that a rival cartel had been targeted in Villa Union.” https://t.co/XpcEqz6sy5 pic.twitter.com/uyC2gVOxVu— Paul Stewart (@PaulStewartII) December 2, 2019 “Organized crime, specifically the Cartel del Noreste, tries to get into Coahuila every day at some point, in one of its areas,” said Miguel Angel Riquelme Solis, governor of Coahuila, according to CNN. “Today they got in by force and with a contingent that is not like anything we have seen in a long time.” Massacred American family may have been 'bait' in Mexican drug cartel fight, relatives fear Canada's cocaine cowboys: How a two-year RCMP sting led all the way to Mexican kingpin El Chapo Mexico cartel kills 19, hangs some from bridge, leaves others chopped up on the road below https://twitter.com/VanessaVelz/status/1200948877421162496 Riding into town in a convoy of heavily armed pickups, gunmen sprayed the offices of the mayor of Villa Union with bullets and fought police for more than 1 1/2 hours as gunfire echoed through the streets. More than 60 gunmen took part in the fight and 17 of their vehicles were seized, Coahuila’s government said. Mexican President Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador, mindful of efforts by U.S. President Donald Trump to designate Mexican drug gangs as terrorist groups, repeated on Sunday that he would not accept any intervention from abroad, while doubling down on his strategy of trying to contain the cartels. A view of the bullet-riddled facade of the town hall of Villa Union after clashes sparked by suspected cartel gunmen in a northern Mexican town killed 20 people this weekend in Villa Union, in Coahuila state, Mexico December 1, 2019. REUTERS/Gerardo Sanchez But the killings clouded celebrations marking Lopez Obrador’s first year in office, which were buffeted by a march in Mexico City by thousands of people protesting the violence. The events in Villa Union add to a series of recent security lapses that have raised questions about Lopez Obrador’s policy. At least 10 suspected cartel members and four police officers killed during shootout in Mexico's Villa Union town near the US border pic.twitter.com/ZUBhUY1wzm— TRT World Now (@TRTWorldNow) December 1, 2019 During a speech in front of tens of thousands of supporters on his first anniversary as president, Lopez Obrador again said Mexico would handle its security problems, after Trump’s comments. “We won’t accept any kind of intervention, we’re a sovereign, free country,” the veteran leftist said in Mexico City’s Zocalo central square. Trump’s remarks have stirred concerns in Mexico that Washington could try to take unilateral action to crush the drug cartels. U.S. Attorney General William Barr is due to visit the country next week to discuss cooperation on security. Criticism at home and abroad has focused on the Nov. 4 massacre by suspected cartel gunmen of nine women and children of U.S.-Mexican origin from Mormon communities in northern Mexico, and the armed forces’ release of a captured son of drug lord Joaquin “El Chapo” Guzman under threats from his gang in the city of Culiacan. A video of the mayhem that swept the city that day can be seen here:   Critics accuse Lopez Obrador of caving in to the cartels, but he defended the release of Ovidio Guzman, saying it had prevented unnecessary bloodshed. “Our adversaries can say we showed weakness, but nothing is more important than people’s lives,” he said. The protest march united opposition politicians with grieving members of the U.S.-Mexican LeBaron family, who lost loved ones in the killings in the state of Sonora.   “We’re not against the president, we’re against the security policies that have been used until now, because they haven’t worked,” said Julian LeBaron, a relative of the victims. Overnight, law enforcement agents captured several people suspected of involvement in those murders, the attorney general’s office of Sonora said. A view of the bullet-riddled facade of the town hall of Villa Union after clashes sparked by suspected cartel gunmen in a northern Mexican town killed 20 people this weekend in Villa Union, in Coahuila state, Mexico December 1, 2019. REUTERS/Gerardo Sanchez Homicides reached record levels in Mexico last year and are on track to surpass that total this year. Lopez Obrador has also presided over a slowdown in the economy, which has stagnated in 2019. Yet while there has been some erosion of support for him, most recent opinion polls show he remains popular. — with files from National Post Staff Comments Join the conversation → Share your feedback We want to improve your reading experience Take our 60-second survey Top News Videos WatchThe Dark North podcast: How the Rizzuto family, Hells Angels conquered Montreal Unlikely NDP star candidate Ruth Ellen Brosseau fights to hang on to party toehold in Quebec WatchQuebec school board that rejected Bill 21 will implement it this September WatchOka asks Ottawa to freeze Mohawk land deal, send RCMP to Kanesatake Close Daily Headline News Thank you for subscribing to Postmedia's Newsletter. Email By clicking "Submit", I consent to receiving the above communication from Postmedia Network Inc. I understand that I may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. Submit Latest News 'Sweating all over me': BBC to air interview with Virginia Giuffre, who says she was forced to have sex with Prince Andrew Fishmongers Hall exec details how employee and patrons fought knife-wielding London terrorist Ex-FBI lawyer Lisa Page says Trump's 'demeaning fake orgasm' was the last straw Seven words in a 3.5-hour movie: De Niro defends Anna Paquin’s role in ‘The Irishman’ Toronto Weather -1°C Light snow Feels like -5°C Tuesday 1°C Wednesday 2°C Thursday 0°C Friday 2°C Complete Forecast World Ex-FBI lawyer Lisa Page says Trump's 'demeaning fake orgasm' was the last straw Seven words in a 3.5-hour movie: De Niro defends Anna Paquin’s role in ‘The Irishman’ Two members leave Nobel literature committee, criticizing Swedish Academy for taking 'too long' with reforms The girl in the photo: BBC to air interview with Virginia Giuffre, who says she was forced to have sex with Prince Andrew Six rescue attempts failed to free him, says former Taliban hostage Timothy Weeks Malta's leader to quit as scrutiny heightens over reporter's murder Impeachment process shifts to House Judiciary Committee but Trump won't be there Man who helped thwart London terror attack with a narwhal tusk hailed as hero Disgraced Prince Andrew retains Canadian military roles Boris Johnson and Jeremy Corbyn trade blame over early release of London Bridge attacker Man who stabbed two people to death on London Bridge had previous terror convictions Ohio bill would make doctors 'reimplant' ectopic pregnancies (which is impossible) or face 'abortion murder' charges Top Stories WatchHow Alberta completely eradicated rats from the province by declaring war on rodent hordes The result is that Alberta is a magical land where rats never destroy vegetable gardens and nobody gets diseased from rat droppings in their attic WatchBeyond Jordan Peterson: A National Post investigation into the state of free speech on campuses Is free speech under threat on university campuses today? Are governments right to intervene? Canada's cocaine cowboys: How a two-year RCMP sting led all the way to Mexican kingpin El Chapo A blood-soaked trail of interconnected traffickers and deals ran from the RCMP's Operation Harrington to the Sinaloa Cartel Everything you need to know about the flu, its symptoms and how to prevent it A common misconception is that influenza is the same as the stomach flu, but while influenza can lead to vomiting and diarrhoea, these are uncommon symptoms This Week's Flyers Comments Postmedia is pleased to bring you a new commenting experience. We are committed to maintaining a lively but civil forum for discussion and encourage all readers to share their views on our articles. We ask you to keep your comments relevant and respectful. Visit our community guidelines for more information. Sign in to Comment Classifieds Remembering Celebrating Classifieds Marketplace Careers FlyerCity Post a Classifieds ad Local Directory Advertise with Us Partnerships Appointment Notice Solutions Resources Content Works Sales Directory About Us My Account Subscriber Self-Serve ePaper Contact Us Stay Connected © 2019 National Post, a division of Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP 365 Bloor St East, Toronto, ON, M4W3L4, www.postmedia.com Privacy - Updated Terms Copyright Digital Ad Registry Site Map Contact Us