Vigil walk and red ribbons mark World AIDS Day in Windsor | Windsor Star	 Skip to navigation Skip to content News All News Local News National Election 2019 World Traffic Business All Business Local Business Energy Technology All Technology Gaming Internet Personal Tech Science Space Tech-Biz FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Hockey All Hockey NHL Detroit Red Wings Toronto Maple Leafs Football All Football NFL Detroit Lions CFL Baseball All Baseball Detroit Tigers Basketball All Basketball NBA NCAA Windsor Express Golf Golf Videos Soccer All Soccer International Soccer MLS Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies All Movies Movie Listings Television All Television TV Listings Music All Music NP Music Books Celebrity Life Milestones All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes All Homes Condos Decorating Gardening Renovating Vacation Homes Food All Food Local Food Reviews Recipes From the Vault Health All Health Diet & Fitness Family & Child Men Women Seniors Sexual Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Travel Obits Classifieds All Classifieds Flyercity Celebrating Browse Listings Place a Classifieds Ad Local Directory Careers Driving All Driving News Reviews Car Comparison Buyer’s Guide Subscription News Local News |Featured: Windsor International Film Festival Obesity Life After Death Spitfires Dying for a Drink Exit Wounds Election 2019 100 years of Point Pelee Opioid Crisis Windsor Tech Cannabis Help Wanted Anne Jarvis Windsor-Detroit bridge Woofa-Roo 2019 Reader Letters | More Open Search Close Search Search Videos Sign In Sign Out Subscribe Vigil walk and red ribbons mark World AIDS Day in Windsor Sharon Hill, Windsor Star Updated: December 2, 2019 About two dozen area residents including Michael Brennan, left, of the AIDS Committee of Windsor, walk from Craft Heads Brewery to the University of Windsor's School of the Creative Arts during Rock the Ribbon event on World AIDS Day Sunday. Nick Brancaccio / Windsor Star Share Adjust Comment Print World AIDS Day Sunday was a day to raise awareness of the need to be tested and to remember those who have died. A few dozen people took part in a vigil walk in downtown Windsor Sunday after a Rock the Ribbon event that included live music, artwork on display, speakers, brunch and a commemorative ceremony at Craft Heads Brewery. The AIDS Committee of Windsor and Artcite Inc. held the event for World AIDS Day Sunday before the vigil walk to Artcite’s A Day With(out) Art which included seven films shown at the University of Windsor’s School of Creative Arts. “HIV is still very much a thing that people live with. Over 20 per cent of people living with HIV are undiagnosed,” Starr Meloche, the community and volunteer engagement coordinator with the AIDS Committee of Windsor, said Sunday. With testing, people could receive medical treatment and reduce the risk of passing on HIV. “There’s still so much stigma which is one of the biggest things. People are still unsure about getting tested. People still avoid getting tested,” Meloche said. Michael Brennan, left, of the AIDS Committee of Windsor, and Stephanie Ermatinger, holding a candle, lead a group of about two dozen residents on a vigil/walk from Craft Heads Brewery to the University of Windsor School of Creative Arts during Rock the Ribbon event on World AIDS Day Sunday. Nick Brancaccio / Windsor Star Naomi Levitz, board chairwoman of the AIDS Committee of Windsor, said HIV/AIDS is still a significant issue. “It’s especially important for people to know that having HIV and/or AIDS is no longer a death sentence but it is also a health care issue that needs to be managed,” Levitz said. “New infections are still happening around the world including here in Canada. And there is a myth that because it’s not as prevalent as it was, HIV/AIDS is gone. That’s not true.” Related New campaign fights the stigma of opioid addiction in Windsor AIDS Committee launches opioid anti-stigma campaign on overdose crisis day of action This year the committee tried to reach out to the community through the films and Rock the Ribbon event since the theme of World AIDS Day was Communities Make the Difference. World AIDS Day is Dec. 1. It was founded in 1988. The #RocktheRibbon hashtag was adopted from the United Kingdom to encourage people to wear a red ribbon in support of World AIDS Day and promote HIV/AIDS awareness. shill@postmedia.com Amherstburg Diageo workers ratify 3-year contract This Week's Flyers Comments Postmedia is pleased to bring you a new commenting experience. We are committed to maintaining a lively but civil forum for discussion and encourage all readers to share their views on our articles. Comments may take up to an hour for moderation before appearing on the site. We ask you to keep your comments relevant and respectful. Visit our Community Guidelines for more information. Sign in to Comment Connect With Us Weather Weather Currently Feels Like We want you to have the most accurate weather report you can. Please enter a valid postal code Latest National News World Fishmongers Hall exec details how employee and patrons fought knife-wielding London terrorist World 'Sweating all over me': BBC to air interview with Virginia Giuffre, who says she was ... World Ex-FBI lawyer Lisa Page says Trump's 'demeaning fake orgasm' was the last straw Share this story Vigil walk and red ribbons mark World AIDS Day in Windsor Facebook Twitter Reddit Email Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn News All News Local News National World Traffic Business All Business Local Business Energy Technology FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Hockey Football Baseball Basketball Golf Soccer Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies Television Music Books Celebrity Life Milestones All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes Food From the Vault Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Travel 365 Bloor St East, Toronto, ON, M4W3L4, www.postmedia.com © 2019 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Classifieds Obits Careers Browse Classifieds Place a Classified Ad Celebrating Driving FlyerCity Local Directory Legal Privacy – Updated Terms Copyright & Permissions Digital Ad Registry Services Advertise With Us Subscribe My Subscription Edit Profile Contact ePaper Digital Access Contests Partnerships Properties Calgary Herald Canada.com Edmonton Journal London Free Press Montreal Gazette National Post Ottawa Citizen Leader-Post (Regina) The StarPhoenix (Saskatoon) The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun