West final loss still stings for O’Day | Saskatoon StarPhoenix	 Skip to navigation Skip to content News All News Local News Saskatchewan Politics Election 2019 National World Business All Business Local Business Energy Mining Mortgages Money Technology All Technology Gaming Internet Personal Tech Science Space Tech-Biz FP Markets Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Local Sports All Local Sports U of S Huskies Saskatoon Hilltops Hockey All Hockey NHL Saskatoon Blades Football All Football CFL Saskatchewan Roughriders NFL Baseball Basketball All Basketball NBA NCAA Golf Golf Videos Soccer All Soccer International Soccer MLS MMA Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies Television All Television TV Listings Music All Music NP Music Books Celebrity Life All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes All Homes Buying & Selling Condos Decorating Gardening Renovating Vacation Homes Living Spaces Food All Food Local Food Reviews Recipes Health All Health Diet & Fitness Family & Child Men Women Seniors Sexual Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Festivals Travel Bridges Puzzles & Comics Obits Classifieds All Classifieds Flyercity Celebrating Browse Listings Place a Classifieds Ad Local Directory Careers Driving All Driving News Reviews Car Comparison Buyer’s Guide Subscription Sports Football Saskatchewan Roughriders |Featured: Saskatchewan Rush | More Open Search Close Search Search Videos Sign In Sign Out Subscribe Saskatchewan Roughriders general manager Jeremy O'Day still dealing with sting of loss in West Division final Moving on from a 20-13 loss to the Winnipeg Blue Bombers in the CFL’s West Division final hasn't been easy for Jeremy O'Day. Murray McCormick, Regina Leader-Post Updated: November 28, 2019 Jeremy O'Day, the Saskatchewan Roughriders' vice-president of football operations and general manager, addressed a number of issues while meeting with the media on Wednesday. TROY FLEECE / Regina Leader-Post Share Adjust Comment Print Moving on from a 20-13 loss to the Winnipeg Blue Bombers in the CFL’s West Division final hasn’t been easy for Jeremy O’Day. “It’s not something that goes away quickly,” the Riders’ vice-president of football operations and general manager said Wednesday while meeting with the media for the first time since losing to the Blue Bombers on Nov. 17. “The sting is still there when you’re so close to it.” The Blue Bombers advanced to Sunday’s Grey Cup game in Calgary, where they beat the Hamilton Tiger-Cats 33-12. However, the focus now shifts from the regular season and playoffs to the league’s busy business season. With that in mind, here’s an edited version of O’Day’s session with the media. Q On Jan. 18, you were named the Riders’ vice-president of football operations and general manager, replacing Chris Jones. How important will these extra months be for you this off-season? A It will be a good thing for us to have a little bit more time, but it’s not as if we weren’t working when Chris was here for those months. It was business as usual looking through our free agents and preparing for the next season. It won’t be much different than that. Q You have 30-plus pending free agents heading into the off-season. Is it overwhelming having to deal with a list that long? A It’s not overwhelming. If it was, I wouldn’t be the right person for the job. It’s very similar to other teams and I don’t think we have any more or less than other CFL teams. Most people understand that with the one-year contracts you’re going to be dealing with that on a regular basis. There are pros and cons to those one-year contracts. You have guys that you will have to renegotiate with in the off-season. You also have the flexibility to upgrade your roster if you have to. Q Have you created lists of players that you want to bring back and who you don’t want to bring back in 2020? A That’s what we have been doing for the last week. We’ll continue to do that and start working on some free agents as soon as possible. You evaluate your team and set the priorities on who you want back. It’s a process because you can’t sign them all at one time. You attack them one by one. We’re going to do the best we can to bring back all of the guys that we want back. That’s the beauty of pro football and no team is ever the same. We felt that we had a very good team, but we came up short. We had the opportunity to make a run at it. Once the Grey Cup is played, you have to move forward and that’s what we’re doing. Q What do you think of former Rider Zach Collaros quarterbacking the Blue Bombers to their win over the Tiger-Cats in Sunday’s Grey Cup game? A You’re happy for him, given how it went for him, getting injured early, getting traded to a team and traded again and then having an opportunity to play in the Grey Cup. It’s a great story for him and I’m happy for a player getting an opportunity to win a Grey Cup. Q Riders quarterback Cody Fajardo played with two torn oblique muscles in the loss to the Blue Bombers. What sort of rehab will he have to go through during the off-season to be prepared for 2020? A It’s not something that will require any sort of surgery. It’s a matter of rest and letting his body heal. An injury like that just needs time to recover. Q How do you assess Craig Dickenson’s first season as the Riders’ head coach? A He did a really good job and any questions that I had in my mind about whether Craig could be a head coach were answered very early on. He does a tremendous job of getting the players prepared and he exceeded my expectations for him as a head coach. Q Did Cody Fajardo exceed your expectations? A When you sign a quarterback to compete for the No. 2 position and he ends up winning the West Division’s most outstanding player award, that’s exceeding your expectations. Still, I don’t have a crystal ball for predicting guys. I know that I will be evaluated on how I bring players here and it’s a big part of it. Sometimes it works out in your favour and sometimes it doesn’t. Q There is talk of the CFL having two quarterbacks on the active roster instead of the three each team now has. What do you think of that possible change to the roster? A We’ve done a lot of research on how many third quarterbacks actually get to play and it’s a very small amount. Still, you definitely have to be prepared for it. Everyone has different opinions whether you think the process for quarterbacks holding a clipboard on game day is part of their development. The real development happens in practice and pre-season games. Q Regina-born punter Jon Ryan is among the Riders’ pending free agents. Have you talked to him regarding his plans for 2020? A Right now, Jon will take some time and enjoy the off-season. He was everything we expected him to be and the question coming into camp was if he had some pop in his leg. He did with what he averaged with his kicks (a Riders record of 48.8 yards per punt). He had a lot of fun and he was one of the guys that I was super excited to see win a Grey Cup in his hometown after the great career that he had (in the NFL). We’re continuing to have conversations with Jon about trying to come back. mmccormick@postmedia.com twitter.com/murraylp   Fajardo not taking the Bombers, without Harris and Nichols, for granted This Week's Flyers Comments Postmedia is pleased to bring you a new commenting experience. We are committed to maintaining a lively but civil forum for discussion and encourage all readers to share their views on our articles. Comments may take up to an hour for moderation before appearing on the site. We ask you to keep your comments relevant and respectful. Visit our Community Guidelines for more information. Sign in to Comment Connect With Us Latest Sports Video Local News Photos: Sask. fans among those cheering as Raptors defeat Warriors NHL Stu Cowan: Snowstorm doesn't stop Canadiens from showing off skills Local News Photos: The Week in Photos (June 29 - July 5) Local News Photos: The Week in Photos (June 1-7) Close Daily Sports Newsletter Thank you for subscribing to Postmedia's Newsletter. Email By clicking "Submit", I consent to receiving the above communication from Postmedia Network Inc. I understand that I may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. Submit Weather Weather Currently Feels Like We want you to have the most accurate weather report you can. Please enter a valid postal code Share this story Saskatchewan Roughriders general manager Jeremy O'Day still dealing with sting of loss in West Division final Facebook Twitter Reddit Email Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn News All News Local News Saskatchewan Politics National World Business All Business Local Business Energy Mining Mortgages Money Technology FP Markets Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Local Sports Hockey Football Baseball Basketball Golf Soccer MMA Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies Television Music Books Celebrity Life All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes Food Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Festivals Travel Bridges Puzzles & Comics 365 Bloor St East, Toronto, ON, M4W3L4, www.postmedia.com © 2019 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Classifieds Obits Careers Browse Classifieds Place an Ad Driving FlyerCity Local Directory Legal Privacy – Updated Terms Copyright Digital Ad Registry Services Advertise With Us Subscribe My Subscription Edit Profile Contact ePaper Digital Access Contests NIE Properties Calgary Herald Canada.com Edmonton Journal London Free Press Montreal Gazette National Post Ottawa Citizen Leader-Post (Regina) The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun Windsor Star