What to do in the Rockies this winter… if you don’t ski | canada.com	 Skip to navigation Skip to content Travel Explore Canada Hot Deals International Travel Ports and Bows Phil's Wow Deals of the Week News All News National World Arts & Life All Arts & Life Life Books Celebrity Movies Music Food Homes Fashion & Beauty Horoscopes Business All Business Business Wire Technology Energy Markets Money Sports All Sports Hockey Basketball Baseball Football Soccer Golf Tennis Driving Jobs Classifieds Obits Health Travel Explore Canada Hot Deals International Travel Ports and Bows Phil's Wow Deals of the Week | More Open Search Close Search Search Videos Sign In Sign Out Subscribe What to do in the Rockies this winter… if you don’t ski Elizabeth Chorney-Booth Updated: December 2, 2019 Visiting the Rockies in winter is not just for skl enthusiasts. Travel Alberta/Celestine Aerden @celestineaerden Share Adjust Comment Print This is the time of year when the Canadian Rockies are at their most picturesque. Go to Banff or Jasper and you’ll find perfectly fluffy snow covering all of those jagged peaks — basically, it’s any skier’s dream. But while the winter months are perfect for ski buffs, what’s a non-skier to do over all of these months of sun and snow? It turns out that the Rockies are a beautiful place for a winter visit, even if strapping on skis and heading downhill is the last thing you want to do. Here are some ways to enjoy winter in the Rocky Mountains of Alberta, with no need for a lift pass: Hole up in a hotel lodge There’s a lot to be said about hibernating indoors during the winter. Travel Alberta/Célestine Aerden The icy weather in the Rockies is beautiful to behold — especially if you’re looking at it from within a warm and cozy lodge. The Rockies have no shortage of picturesque resorts and lodges where you can curl up beside a fire with a cup of cocoa and a good book. This scenario becomes even better if there happens to be a spa on site. The Fairmont resorts — the Banff Springs Hotel, Chateau Lake Louise, and Jasper Park Lodge — are the biggies, but there are plenty of smaller properties (like The Post in Lake Louise and Buffalo Mountain Lodge in Banff) and slightly farther flung spots like Mount Engadine Lodge in Spray Valley Provincial Park and Storm Mountain Lodge just outside of Banff, that also make for ideal winter retreats. Drink in the dark skies The night sky in Jasper offers spectacular views of the stars Parks Canada / Ryan Bray You’ll get pretty great dark sky views anywhere in the Rockies, but the best sky watching is in Jasper, home to Canada’s second largest dark sky preserve. The Jasper Dark Sky Festival is in the fall, but the stars don’t go anywhere in the winter and you don’t need to go very far from the town of Jasper to get some dynamite views. Winter is also your best chance to see the Northern Lights (aka Aurora Borealis), whether in Jasper or any other part of the Rockies. Engage in other winter sports Snowshoeing offers an outdoor alternative to skiing Discover Banff Tours There are plenty of ways to stay active in the snow and ice that don’t involve skiing. Visitors to Canmore, Banff, Jasper and other Rocky Mountain communities can seek out outdoor skating rinks, cross-country skiing routes, snowshoe trails, fat biking, downhill tubing, winter hiking to frozen waterfall site and other cold weather sports. Many major hotels can connect visitors with equipment rentals or tour outfitters. Eat fondue The Grizzly House is one of the most iconic buildings on Banff Avenue. Elizabeth Chorney-Booth Forgoing actual skiing doesn’t mean that you have to skip après ski rituals. Eating fondue is a must-do mountain experience and there are plenty of places in the Rockies to get your fondue on. Hotels like the Banff Springs and Chateau Lake Louise have fancy in-house fondue restaurants that offer an elegant dipping experience. There are also a couple of classic fondue houses in the town of Banff: Ticino Swiss-Italian Restaurant offers cheese, meat and chocolate fondues, as well as other European fare. For a truly retro experience though, head to the Grizzly House in downtown Banff. A former swingers’ club (there are still functional phones at each table that customers could use to connect with each other), this place is a 1960s time capsule — and the food is actually pretty good, especially if you like to fondue “exotic” meats like rattlesnake and alligator. Take a sleigh ride, by horse or dog Lake Louise is the perfect place for a romantic sleigh ride. Travel Alberta/Célestine Aerden If you want to slide but don’t want to do the work yourself, turn to animal power. Horse-drawn sleigh rides are available at the Chateau Lake Louise or in Banff through outfitters like Banff Adventures, Banff Trail Riders and Brewster Adventures or at Pyramid Lake in Jasper through Jasper Riding Stables. Those who would rather travel by dogsled can hit the trails with one of a number of dogsled operators including Kingmik Dog Sled Tours in Banff National Park, Mad Dog and Englishmen Expeditions in Canmore or Sundog Transportation and Tours near Jasper. Get to know the Banff townsite Downtown Banff tends to be less busy during winter. Travel Alberta / Mike Seehagel Anyone who has visited downtown Banff in the summer knows that the streets can feel as busy as downtown New York. Despite the popularity of the ski hills, Banff is actually substantially less busy in the winter months, giving visitors the opportunity to easily get into local restaurants and comfortably explore the town’s shops as well as attractions like the Cave and Basin National Historic Site, Bow Falls, the Banff Gondola, and the Banff Hot Springs. Winter festivals Ice sculptures appear around Banff and Lake Louise during Banff Snow Days. Paul Zizka, Banff & Lake Louise Tourism The general feeling around the Rockies is that if you’re going to endure the cold, you may as well make the most of it. Banff Snow Days takes place in both Banff and Lake Louise from January 15 to 26, 2020. That festival features the Ice Magic International Ice Carving Competition, the Tribute Craft Spirits Celebration (featuring special cocktails made with local spirits), and an outdoor play zone. Up in Jasper, Jasper in January spans the entire month of January, with outdoor sporting events, culinary specials and much more. Related Mountains of magical holiday events await in Banff What are Nordic spas and why are they suddenly so popular in Canada? 10 places to stay for a unique Alberta experience New craft breweries enliven North Vancouver Comments Sign in to Comment Connect With Us Most Popular Travel New craft breweries enliven North Vancouver Travel Exploring the best of Turkey Travel Weekly Travel Roundup: Every Canadian should take a First Nations-led tour of Vancouver's Stanley Park Travel Book one of these 9 last-minute Canadian holiday adventures while they still have space Share this story What to do in the Rockies this winter… if you don’t ski Facebook Twitter Reddit Email Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn Travel Explore Canada Hot Deals International Travel Ports and Bows Phil's Wow Deals of the Week News All News National World Arts & Life All Arts & Life Life Books Celebrity Movies Music Food Homes Fashion & Beauty Horoscopes Business All Business Business Wire Technology Energy Markets Money Sports All Sports Hockey Basketball Baseball Football Soccer Golf Tennis Driving 365 Bloor St East, Toronto, ON, M4W3L4, www.postmedia.com © 2019 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Classifieds Driving Careers Obits Browse Classifieds Local Directory Flyer City Legal Privacy Statement Terms Copyright & Permissions Digital Ad Registry Services Contact Us Advertise with Us Properties Calgary Herald Edmonton Journal London Free Press Montreal Gazette National Post Ottawa Citizen Regina Leader-Post Saskatoon StarPhoenix The Province Vancouver Sun Windsor Star