What’s hot in kitchen design | Windsor Star	 Skip to navigation Skip to content News All News Local News National Election 2019 World Traffic Business All Business Local Business Energy Technology All Technology Gaming Internet Personal Tech Science Space Tech-Biz FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Hockey All Hockey NHL Detroit Red Wings Toronto Maple Leafs Football All Football NFL Detroit Lions CFL Baseball All Baseball Detroit Tigers Basketball All Basketball NBA NCAA Windsor Express Golf Golf Videos Soccer All Soccer International Soccer MLS Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies All Movies Movie Listings Television All Television TV Listings Music All Music NP Music Books Celebrity Life Milestones All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes All Homes Condos Decorating Gardening Renovating Vacation Homes Food All Food Local Food Reviews Recipes From the Vault Health All Health Diet & Fitness Family & Child Men Women Seniors Sexual Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Travel Obits Classifieds All Classifieds Flyercity Celebrating Browse Listings Place a Classifieds Ad Local Directory Careers Driving All Driving News Reviews Car Comparison Buyer’s Guide Subscription Life Homes Decorating |Featured: Milestones Fit Tips Windsor In Pictures Kelly Steele | More Open Search Close Search Search Videos Sign In Sign Out Subscribe The Home Front: The latest trends in kitchen design Small-space living addressed as designers create ways to maximize every square foot Rebecca Keillor Updated: November 9, 2019 Open shelving, subtle lighting and high window treatments, creates a light and airy kitchen in this downtown Vancouver condo. Courtesy of Erin Sousa Share Adjust Comment Print The latest trends in kitchen design reflect changes in the way people are living. More and more people are living in smaller spaces and needing to maximize every square foot, and dining rituals are becoming increasingly casual. Brand marketer Erin Sousa and her husband recently bought a 1,000-square-foot apartment in downtown Vancouver and renovating the kitchen was a top priority, she says. “We removed some shelving in the corner to do open shelves, and that makes the space look super airy and bright,” she says. Cabinetry hardware is a great way to update the look of your kitchen. Courtesy of Erin Sousa They did lose some storage in opting for open shelving, says Sousa, having to move some of their smaller appliances to a closet, but, she says, it’s worked out fine because they only really use them a couple of times a year. “It’s a good tip, to remove those things from your immediate kitchen if you can and do something a bit different with open shelving or glass doors,” she says. Sousa found that opting for a large area rug really made the space feel bigger, and decided not to go for a kitchen island. “I would rather have that open feel than crowd it with an island that isn’t big enough to do much on, and to me it would look a little bit messy,” she says. A lot of meals are now being eaten in the kitchen, says Kathryn Lees, marketing director for Vancouver’s CF Interiors (previously Country Furniture). “We get a lot of people with built-in islands who want seating so they can utilize it as a kitchen table. So we sell a lot of stools for kitchens,” she says. Choosing the right stools is really important, she says. Kitchen faucet in metal tones works as a feature piece in this Vancouver condo kitchen. Courtesy of Erin Sousa “We ask our customers: how much are you really going to be sitting at this space? Everyday having breakfast with your family? Are your kids going to do homework there? Are you going to have a glass of wine with your friends when they come over? There’s nothing worse than going to someone’s house and sitting on a bar stool that’s wildly uncomfortable,” she says. They’ve also noticed an increasing demand for C Trays, says Lee, which are essentially an updated, stylish reimagining of the old-school TV tray tables. “We find a lot of people who live in condos they end up eating on their sofas, so we’ve brought in a bunch of tables that work perfectly for that. They’re really beautiful, and they’re the type of tables you want to keep out all the time,” she says. These days many kitchens have simple, clean cabinetry, says Lee, so people are increasingly looking for standout pendant lighting to add some personality to the space. “We’ve found that pendant lighting pieces truly do pull the whole space together,” she says. For those interested in updating their kitchens but can’t commit to a full renovation, updating cabinetry hardware can make a huge difference, says Simone Greenwood, of Vancouver’s Bradford Hardware. Open shelving creates a light and airy feeling in this Vancouver condo kitchen. Courtesy of Erin Sousa Brass tones, like stain, antique and unlacquered brass, along with black and white powder-coat finishes are currently proving very popular in kitchen cabinetry hardware, says Greenwood. For those who are renovating, says Greenwood, it’s a wise idea to order your hardware early, because lead time can take anywhere from two to six weeks. Unlike cabinet knobs and pulls, if your project requires appliance pulls these need to be onsite when the installer arrives. Making sure your kitchen is designed for form and function is key, says Greenwood. “When refacing cabinets, filling the cabinet hardware holes is a must, which will open you up to your choice in hardware. There is no standard size for cabinet hardware so you may find you have limited options when it comes to finding the exact size to match to your drilled holes,” she says. Related Boost your home’s value with these kitchen upgrades The best way to declutter your home? Stop buying things Revolving home decor trends  Windsor tech start-up expects 3D furniture imaging to take off This Week's Flyers Comments Postmedia is pleased to bring you a new commenting experience. We are committed to maintaining a lively but civil forum for discussion and encourage all readers to share their views on our articles. Comments may take up to an hour for moderation before appearing on the site. We ask you to keep your comments relevant and respectful. Visit our Community Guidelines for more information. Sign in to Comment Connect With Us Latest Food Stories Cancer patients are losing valuable time — and risking their lives — with alternative therapies, ... Bypassing the heart bypass (with video) SUN RUN: Fitness goals must push us, but not drain us Suit Yourself Sponsored by INDOCHINO The spring trifecta: Three ways to diversify your suit collection Groom finds perfectly fitting wedding suit at a great price Whether online or brick and mortar, Indochino CEO Drew Green sees customization and personality as ... 5 Simple Steps To Take Care of Your Suit Close Daily Headline News Thank you for subscribing to Postmedia's Newsletter. Email By clicking "Submit", I consent to receiving the above communication from Postmedia Network Inc. I understand that I may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. Submit TV Listings What's On Tonight for Find your full TV Listings here! Weather Weather Currently Feels Like We want you to have the most accurate weather report you can. Please enter a valid postal code Top Health News Local News UWindsor chef serves up healthy skin care Local News Allowing abused women to bring their pets to crisis shelters could save lives, UWindsor profs ... Local News Windsor-Essex first in Ontario with tool to reduce idled ambulances Local News Violence against long-term care workers, nurses at alarming levels across Ontario Diet & Fitness $6M for bike lanes, trails to build on 'tremendous growth' in cycling across Essex County Share this story The Home Front: The latest trends in kitchen design Facebook Twitter Reddit Email Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn News All News Local News National World Traffic Business All Business Local Business Energy Technology FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Hockey Football Baseball Basketball Golf Soccer Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies Television Music Books Celebrity Life Milestones All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes Food From the Vault Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Travel 365 Bloor St East, Toronto, ON, M4W3L4, www.postmedia.com © 2019 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Classifieds Obits Careers Browse Classifieds Place a Classified Ad Celebrating Driving FlyerCity Local Directory Legal Privacy – Updated Terms Copyright & Permissions Digital Ad Registry Services Advertise With Us Subscribe My Subscription Edit Profile Contact ePaper Digital Access Contests Partnerships Properties Calgary Herald Canada.com Edmonton Journal London Free Press Montreal Gazette National Post Ottawa Citizen Leader-Post (Regina) The StarPhoenix (Saskatoon) The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun