What’s going on in Windsor-Essex | Windsor Star	 Skip to navigation Skip to content News All News Local News National Election 2019 World Traffic Business All Business Local Business Energy Technology All Technology Gaming Internet Personal Tech Science Space Tech-Biz FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Hockey All Hockey NHL Detroit Red Wings Toronto Maple Leafs Football All Football NFL Detroit Lions CFL Baseball All Baseball Detroit Tigers Basketball All Basketball NBA NCAA Windsor Express Golf Golf Videos Soccer All Soccer International Soccer MLS Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies All Movies Movie Listings Television All Television TV Listings Music All Music NP Music Books Celebrity Life Milestones All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes All Homes Condos Decorating Gardening Renovating Vacation Homes Food All Food Local Food Reviews Recipes From the Vault Health All Health Diet & Fitness Family & Child Men Women Seniors Sexual Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Travel Obits Classifieds All Classifieds Flyercity Celebrating Browse Listings Place a Classifieds Ad Local Directory Careers Driving All Driving News Reviews Car Comparison Buyer’s Guide Subscription |Featured: Milestones Fit Tips Windsor In Pictures Kelly Steele | More Open Search Close Search Search Videos Sign In Sign Out Subscribe What's going on in Windsor-Essex Custom Content Studio Updated: December 2, 2019 Share Adjust Comment Print Great things are happening for good causes in Windsor-Essex. Community organizations are holding fundraisers, information meetings and celebrations and they want you to know about them. And we would like to help them. If you have an upcoming event that you would like to see featured in the Star’s Community Calendar, send your press release or poster in an email to specialfeatures@windsorstar.com and we’ll spread the word. The S’Aints band, shown performing at the Caesars Windsor Colosseum in 2016, return with another fundraising concert to “sleigh hunger” on Friday, Dec. 20. DAN JANISSE/Windsor Star December 2019 Dec. 3: Windsor Symphony Orchestra’s Handel’s Messiah: From Entertainment to Oratorio, part of the Amici Musicae lecture series, will be at the Riverside Library at 1 p.m. Prof. Charles Edward McGiuire will deliver the lecture on DVD. Dec. 3: Giving Tuesday, a grassroots global movement to give back to charities that followed Black Friday and Cyber Monday, involves the participation of a number of non-profit groups. Connections Early Years Family Centre  is asking the community to consider donating to the centre to support its Elevator Fund. Donations will be matched up to its goal amount of $1,000 by matching partner Jason Campbell of Sterling Mutuals Inc. Travis, the centre’s youngest donor, made a video about why he gives a portion of his allowance to the centre which you can view by clicking on this link. To donate, click here. Dec. 4: The Windsor-Essex Regional Chamber of Commerce’s  143rd Annual General Meeting will be held at the Ciociaro Club (3745 North Talbot Rd., Windsor) from 11:30 a.m. to 1:30 p.m. Keynote addresses will be from Aaron Epstein, CEO & Project Director of Bridging North America and Bryce Phillips, CEO of Windsor-Detroit Bridge Authority on the updated status of the Gordie Howe International Bridge. For more information or to register for this or other Windsor-Essex Regional Chamber of Commerce events, click on this link. Dec. 6: The Windsor-Essex Regional Chamber of Commerce’s annual Multiple Business Holiday Party is at Caesars Windsor from 6 p.m. to midnight. Click here for more information. Dec. 7: Havana Nights, a Cuban-themed fundraiser to support TLC Animal Aid, will be held at Water’s Edge (2879 Riverside Dr. E., Windsor) with cocktails at 6 p.m., dinner at 7 followed by dancing at 9. Tickets are $65 and there are group discounts. The evening features Cuban drinks, Cuban fine dining and Cuban music with Latin Fiesta, DJ Chino and drummer Teajai Travis. For more information, call 519-257-1983 or email info@watersedgeeventcentre.ca. Dec. 7: A Windsor Symphony Orchestra annual tradition, Handel’s timeless classic Messiah features four outstanding soloists and the WSO at Leamington United Mennonite Church (78 Oak St. E.) at 7:30 p.m. For more information and tickets, click here. Dec. 7: The Bank Theatre (10 Erie Street S., Leamington) presents Francine Honey’s “Take Me To The North Pole” album release party. Doors open at 6:30 p.m., followed by the show at 7:30 p.m. The international award-winning Canadian bilingual singer-songwriter and recording artist will be joined by her band the Stingers in presenting a fantasy ride in Santa’s sleigh to the north with a moving southern swagger. Ticket, $25, are available at box office Thursday to Saturday, 11 a.m. to 2 p.m., by calling the hotline at 519-326-8805 or online at banktheatre.com. Dec. 7: Miracle in Sandwich includes breakfast and storytime with Santa, a holiday market, tours of the historic McGregor-Cowan Houseand Duff-Baby Mansion, crafts, hot chocolate and more. It runs from 9 a.m. to 6 p.m.m in Windsor’s historic Sandwich Towne. For details, click here. Dec. 7-8: Festival of Christmas, 70 minutes of glorious choral music in each performance featuring UWindsor Chamber Choir and University Singers director Dr. Bruce J.G. Kotowich, will be at the Heritage Auditorium (400 Huron Church Rd., Windsor) for performances at 2:30 p.m. both days. Tickets are $20 or $10 for students with ID. Hot chocolate and cookies served. To purchase tickets for the Saturday, click here and for the Sunday performance here. Dec. 8: Breakfast with Santa at the Riverside Royal Canadian Legion Br. 255 (5645 Wyandotte St., Windsor) includes breakfast (scrambled eggs, bacon, sausage, pancakes, home fries, juice, coffee or tea) and features Collective Ensemble from Pure Dance Academy, crafts, cookie decorating and Santa and Mrs. Claus plus a gift from Santa along with so much more. Cost is $10 for adults, $7.50 for children 6-10 and free for children five and under. The event runs from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. Dec. 8: A Christmas Musical Presentation by the adult and children’s choirs of Cottam United Church (137 County Road 34W, Cottam) will be held at 10:15 a.m. and 7 p.m. Free will offering gratefully accepted. Refreshments follow the evening program.  For info call 519-839-4266. Dec. 8: Club SoDA at the University of Windsor is holding a holiday double feature screening of the classic 1966 movie How the Grinch Stole Christmas and Home Alone at the Jackman Dramatic Art Centre Studio Theatre. Doors open at 7 p.m. and the movies start at 7:30 p.m. The movies are open to the Windsor-Essex community and Club SoDA asks to pay what you can. Snacks, including hot chocolate, candy canes and other sweets and treats, are available for purchase and a photo booth will be set up with some of your favourite Christmasey characters. Bring the family and your most comfortable sweater and blanket and get snuggly for the movies. Dec. 8: A Windsor Symphony Orchestra annual tradition, Handel’s timeless classic Messiah features four outstanding soloists and the WSO at St. Anne’s Church (12233 Tecumseh Rd. E., Tecumseh) at 7:30 p.m. For more information and tickets, click here. Dec. 8: Christmas in the Country at John R. Park Homestead (915 Essex Cty. Rd. 50, Essex) lets you enjoy the homestead in all its holiday splendour with cider, roasted chestnuts. St. Nicholas’s historic counterparts (Ruprecht and Belsnickel) and making a gingerbread cookie and traditional ornament to take home. Cost is $6 for adults, $4 children 3-16 years and $20 per family maximum. For more details, click here. Dec. 8: Enjoy a free showing of the movie Elf, starring Will Ferrell, at the Olde Walkerville Theatre at 1 and 4 p.m. A donation of two non-perishable food items is appreciated. Doors open half an hour before showtime. For more details, click here. Dec. 8: The Greater Windsor Concert Band, under the musical direction of Ric Moor, presents Celebrate Glad Tidings, a Christmas concert at the Royal Canadian Legion’s Br. 261 (12326 Lanoue, at Lesperance Rd., Tecumseh) at 3 p.m. There will be prizes, a bake sale and Christmas CD, as well as a photo op with Santa at the intermission. Tickets $15, or $10 seniors/students and $35 for a family (maximum of two adults). For more information, call 519-979-1686, email info@greaterwindsorconcertband.ca or visit greaterwindsorconcertband.ca. Dec. 10: John R. Park Homestead (915 Essex Cty. Rd 50, Essex) invites you to Candlelight Christmas from 7-9 p.m. The 1842 house will be decorated with natural materials from forest and farm. Costumed guides will lead visitors on a tour with stops giving you a flavour of the days of John and Amelia Park. Cost is $15. For more details, click here. Dec. 13-15: Windsor Dance eXperiences presents New Adventures in Toyland, an all-ages performance at the Capitol Theatre (121 University Ave. W., Windsor), with shows at 7 p.m. both nights and a 2:30 p.m. matinee Sunday. For tickets and more information, click here. Dec. 13-15: C.C.’s Events eight annual Handmade Christmas Extravaganza, Windsor’s largest indoor craft show, takes place at the WFCU Centre (8787 McHugh St., Windsor) Dec. 13 from 4:30-8:30 p.m. and on the weekend from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. Admission is free but donations to aid local school breakfast programs are appreciated. For more information, click on this Facebook page. Dec. 14: The Riverside Royal Canadian Legion Br. 255 Ladies Auxiliary presents SantaRama: The Pub Crawl Before Christmas! with stops at the Howard Legion 594, Tilbury Legion 206, Tecumseh Legion 261 and Riverside Legion 255. Bus leaves Br. 255 at 11:30 a.m. sharp. Tickets are $20 for the bus ride and $20 for dinner. Santa hat included. Dec. 14: All-you-can-eat Christmas Turkey Dinner, hosted by the Ladies Auxiliary of Royal Canadian Legion Br. 255, comes with all the fixings: Stuffing, cranberry sauce, vegetable, mashed potato, homemade gravy, salad, bun roll and pie. Dinner is served around 6:30 p.m. Cost is $20. Dec. 15: The Canadian Transportation Museum & Heritage Village (6155 Arner Townline, Kingsville) presents Breakfast with Santa! from 8 a.m. to 2 p.m. Santa visits from 9-11 a.m. and again from 11:30 a.m. to 1 p.m. PURE Dance Academy dancers perform from 9-9:45 a.m., breakfast buffet from 8 a.m. to 2 p.m. Cost is $13.95 adults, $7 kids. Call 519-776-6909. Dec. 15: Windsor Minor Lacrosse is holding a free Try Lacrosse clinic at Central Park Athletics (3400 Grand Marais E., Windsor) for boys and girls, 3 to 21 years old. Hockey helmet and gloves are required but loaner sticks are available. Paperweight-Novice tryout is from 11 a.m. to 12 noon, Peewee-Intermediate from 12 noon to 1 p.m. Visit www.warlockslacrosse.com  for more info. Registration available in person.  Dec. 18: The Windsor-Essex Regional Chamber of Commerce’s December After Business Mini Trade Show 2019 will be held at the Essex Golf and Country Club (7555 Matchette Rd., Windsor) from 5-7 p.m. To register, click on this link. Dec. 20: The S’Aints join forces with St. Clair College and Caesars Windsor to “sleigh hunger” with an all ages, annual fundraising concert at Caesars Windsor’s The Colosseum stage at 8 p.m. The band features local and world-renowned talents: lead vocalist Jody Raffoul, Tea Party drummer Jeff Burrows, Wes Buckley, Kelly “Mr. Chill” Hoppe, David Cyrenne, Kelly Authier, Marty Bak, Liz Robinson and Stephanie Baker. All proceeds from concert ticket sales and the accompanying holiday CD stay within the local community. To purchase tickets, click on this link. January 2020 Jan. 11-12: The Wedding Odyssey at the Ciociaro Club (3745 North Talbot Rd., Windsor) runs 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Saturday and Sunday, with fashions shows at 1 p.m. both days. Admission is $12 at the door. Register online at this link and receive a $2 off admission coupon. For more information, call 519-978-9477 or email weddingodyssey@yahoo.com. Jan. 17: The Windsor Symphony Orchestra performs Giacomo Puccini’s Madama Butterfly at The Capitol Theatre (121 University Ave. W., Windsor) at 7:30 p.m. Maestro Robert Franz has assembled a top-flight, all-Canadian cast of singers to perform the opera. Pre-concert talk at 1:30 p.m. For tickets, click on this link. Jan. 25: Peter and the Wolf, one of the most beloved and enchanting symphonic tales for children, will be performed by the WSO at the Capitol Theatre (121 University Ave. W., Windsor) from 11 a.m. to 1 p.m. as part of its Concerts for Kids series, ideal for children ages four to eight. Discover how each instrument is used to represent a character in the story. Before each concert, there is craft activity related to the concert theme. Tickets $45. To purchase them, click here.   People check out the sights at the Bright Lights Windsor display at the Jackson Park last year. The holiday light show officially opens this season on Dec. 6 and continues through to Jan. 6, 2020. DAN JANISSE/THE WINDSOR STAR Ongoing Bright Lights Windsor,  featuring a giant illuminated tree in the Queen Elizabeth II Sunken Gardens, thousands of lights and holiday characters and food and vendors, continues at Jackson Park (125 Tecumseh Rd. E., Windsor) until Jan. 7, 2020. Opening ceremonies are Friday, Dec. 6 from 5:30-10 p.m. A Signature Christmas Indoor Artist Market, at the Leamington Arts Centre (72 Talbot St., Leamington), is an annual arts and crafts show which offers unique and beautiful gifts. It continues until Saturday, Dec. 21. Kingsville Fantasy of Lights, which runs until Jan. 8, 2020, features all kinds of events for the whole family. The River Lights Festival in Amherstburg features hundreds of customized festive light displays, interactive photo ops and a life-size Gingerbread Warming House. The fest continues until Feb. 16, 2020. Overeaters Anonymous meets at Banwell Community Church (2400 Banwell Rd., Windsor) Tuesdays at 10 a.m. (open meeting, room 6), Wednesdays at 7 p.m. (open meeting, room 1) and Fridays at 10 a.m. (big book study, room 6). No dues, fees, weigh-ins or diets. For Tuesdays, contact Sylvia (226-350-7577), Wednesdays Mary (226-260-4044) and Fridays Corinne (519-995-0015). Look Again! The AGW Collection at 75 Years Exhibition at the Art Gallery of Windsor is part of the AGW’s commitment to providing an opportunity for sustained engagement in learning about art in Canada and to support visitor experience and student learning. This exhibition continues to profile themes of Canadian Heritage and the Land and Portraiture and the Body, and celebrates the historical collections leading to the 20th century, including many favourite works from artists such as Prudence Heward, Emily Carr, members of the Group of Seven and their contemporaries. Admission is $10 for non-members or free to AGW members. The gallery is located at 401 Riverside Drive West. Call 519-977-0013. May Court Club of Windsor, staffed by volunteers, fundraises for local child and youth programs through sales at its store at 1122 Wyandotte St. E. Last year, it distributed $28,000 and the year before almost $40,000 to about 18 organizations that applied yearly. For more information, visit their Facebook page. “Know Your Neighbour” is a Windsor-Essex campaign started by a Community Action Group of local leaders through United Way. Through a collaborative series of open houses, social media campaigns and hard-copy handouts, Housing with Support (HWS) organizations want to know what is going well in our neighbourhoods and what is not? How can we work together to solve neighbour related problem? Know Your Neighbour is encouraging all citizens and businesses to come and talk with HWS organizations like Victoria Manor, Iris House, and Devonshire Lodge (among 17 others). How can we improve our neighbourhoods, and feel more comfortable living together? Visit their Facebook page at this link. Moving made easy Let us help you celebrate This Week's Flyers Connect With Us Most Popular Now Kid Rock opens up about foul-mouthed Oprah Winfrey rant | Windsor Star Pussycat Dolls’ raunchy ‘nearly naked’ reunion sparks 400 complaints | Windsor Star Windsor woman dies in Chatham-Kent crash | Windsor Star Man gets house arrest for defrauding employer of almost $1 million | Windsor Star Guest column: Anesthesiologist shortage could be solved with nurse anesthetists | Windsor Star Amherstburg Diageo workers ratify 3-year contract | Windsor Star Police arrest fleeing suspect following downtown assault | Windsor Star Weather Weather Currently Feels Like We want you to have the most accurate weather report you can. Please enter a valid postal code Traffic Share this story What's going on in Windsor-Essex Facebook Twitter Reddit Email Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn News All News Local News National World Traffic Business All Business Local Business Energy Technology FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Hockey Football Baseball Basketball Golf Soccer Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies Television Music Books Celebrity Life Milestones All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes Food From the Vault Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Travel 365 Bloor St East, Toronto, ON, M4W3L4, www.postmedia.com © 2019 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Classifieds Obits Careers Browse Classifieds Place a Classified Ad Celebrating Driving FlyerCity Local Directory Legal Privacy – Updated Terms Copyright & Permissions Digital Ad Registry Services Advertise With Us Subscribe My Subscription Edit Profile Contact ePaper Digital Access Contests Partnerships Properties Calgary Herald Canada.com Edmonton Journal London Free Press Montreal Gazette National Post Ottawa Citizen Leader-Post (Regina) The StarPhoenix (Saskatoon) The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun