Where to travel ‘n’ toke in Canada this holiday season | The GrowthOp		 The GrowthOp Home Video Weed Easy Is It Legal? Explore News Culture Health Business Cannabis Post × × Home Video Weed Easy Is It Legal? Explore News Culture Health Business Cannabis Post Culture Where to travel 'n' toke in Canada this holiday season Take a trip through B.C. bud history, or soak up the beauty of the Haliburton Highlands By Michele Sponagle December 2, 2019 Comments Cross Country Skiing with dog in Jasper National Park, Alberta, Canada. Photo: Jasper Guy Oh, come all ye faithful. Canada, from east to west, has plenty of destinations ready to welcome travelling tokers over the holidays. Consider these favourites: Should holiday office parties include marijuana bars now? What you need to know about travelling with cannabis and CBD over the holidays Five cannabis accessories to take your travels to the next level Chill out in the Haliburton Highlands Photo: Sir Sam’s Inn When the hysteria of the season has become too much, head for the tranquility of Ontario’s Haliburton Highlands. Go snowshoeing, dogsledding or downhill skiing around the wooded areas of Eagle Lake. Then bed down for the night at the luxurious Sir Sam’s Inn & Spa, Canada’s first openly cannabis-friendly resort. Book a room with a walkout balcony or patio, so you can step out for a puff, or take a toke anywhere outdoors on the property. Inside your suite, soak in an oversized spa tub or nibble on munchies next to a wood-burning fireplace. It’s an adult-only resort, so book a sitter and leave the kiddies behind. Revel in B.C. bud legacy They don’t call it Van-groovy for nothing. Vancouver, B.C., boasts North America’s least-expensive weed. To get a great overview of where to buy Christmas gifts for bud-loving pals, book a Weed and Wine Tour, combining visits of the city’s top dispensaries and wineries in nearby Langley. Hang out with friends over a cannabis-themed dinner courtesy of The Nomad Cook, aka Travis Petersen, a former MasterChef Canada contestant who hosts pop-up events throughout the year and caters private parties. Before heading home, plan a visit to the Downtown Eastside’s “pot block,” a cluster of dispensaries and hangouts like the popular New Amsterdam Café. Maritime charm Photo: The Green Room Saint John, N.B., sits on the north shore of the Bay of Fundy. It’s a laidback city with a robust culinary scene and a casual vibe, ideal for a pre- or post-holiday getaway. Get to know the local 420 scene at The Green Room Lounge, a private BYOB lounge that supplies the essentials like e-nails, dab rigs and vapes, plus comfy couches and board games. When hunger hits, cab it to The Coop Bar & Grill and order a pile of chicken wings finished with cannabis oil–infused sauce. Check out the province’s take on legal weed sales at a Cannabis NB store. There are two local locations where you’ll find everything from seeds to single pre-rolled joints. Urban cannabis crawl As Canada’s biggest city, Toronto has plenty to offer bud lovers — also too much. A curated tour is a great way to hit the highlights. If you’re meeting up with pals over the holidays, opt for a luxe option: a three-hour guided vapour-lounge tour in a Hummer limousine for up to eight people, available through Canadian Kush Tours. Want a more hands-on experience? The company also offers classes on joint rolling and cooking with cannabis. Swing by Kensington Market for a smoke on the “potio” at the Hotbox Lounge and use the Christmas money from grandma to buy weed-themed clothing, books and accessories. Munchies will be satisfied at Cannabis & Coffee in the Entertainment District, a ganja-positive space offering specialty tea, coffee and bowls of sugary cereal (more than 60 types). Rocky Mountain high Moraine is a glacially fed lake in Banff. Photo: pxhere Alberta has the highest number of legal pot providers in the country, with more than 300 licensed private outlets, making it an ideal holiday destination for cannabis fans. In Calgary, tokers can check out well-known sellers like Fire & Flower or Four20, which will soon sell edibles as phase two of legalization kicks in. Still not sure where to buy? Canada High Tours offers a one-hour dispensary tour. Once you’re well stocked, point yourself in the direction of the nearest ski resort or to Banff National Park where consuming cannabis is allowed and the highs are spectacular.   Want to keep up to date on what’s happening in the world of cannabis?  Subscribe to the Cannabis Post newsletter for weekly insights into the industry, what insiders will be talking about and content from across the Postmedia Network. Comments We encourage all readers to share their views on our articles and blog posts. We are committed to maintaining a lively but civil forum for discussion, so we ask you to avoid personal attacks, and please keep your comments relevant and respectful. If you encounter a comment that is abusive, click the "X" in the upper right corner of the comment box to report spam or abuse. Popular Now 1 Cannabis deals dry up with pot stocks limping into year end By: Kristine Owram / 55 mins ago 2 Christmas without legal edible cannabis stocking stuffers minor buzz kill: industry By: Bill Kaufmann / 15 hours ago 3 TSX reviews CannTrust’s listing after it fails to disclose three quarters’ worth of financial statements By: Victor Ferreira / 4 days ago 4 Watch: Aurora Cannabis opens Canada's biggest cannabis shop at West Edmonton Mall By: Ian Kucerak / 5 days ago 5 Big retailers could shy away from CBD as FDA's unease over safety of the cannabis compound grows By: Kristine Owram / 6 days ago Close Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Email Submit Share this article Share Where to travel 'n' toke in Canada this holiday season Tumblr Pinterest Google Plus Reddit LinkedIn Whatsapp Email The GrowthOp Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram LinkedIn © 2019 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. 365 Bloor St East, Toronto, ON, M4W 3L4, © 2019 www.postmedia.com Privacy Terms Copyright About Contact Advertise Contest