Why December is the best time of year to buy or sell real estate | Montreal Gazette	 Skip to navigation Skip to content News All News Local News All Local News Off-Island Gazette West Island Gazette Quebec National Election 2019 World Opinion All Opinion Columnists Editorials Aislin and other editorial cartoons Sports All Sports Hockey Inside Out All Hockey Inside Out Live Game Blog HI/O Show Where To Watch The Habs Hockey All Hockey Hockey Inside Out Montreal Canadiens NHL World Juniors Football All Football Montreal Alouettes CFL NFL Soccer All Soccer Montreal Impact MLS Baseball Basketball All Basketball NBA NCAA Tennis Golf Golf Videos Auto Racing Business All Business FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Energy Local Business All Local Business Aerospace Personal Finance Real Estate Retail Technology All Technology Gaming Internet Personal Tech Science Tech-Biz Small Business Arts Local Arts All Arts Montreal movies All Movies Movie Listings Television All Television TV Listings Montreal theatre Music All Music NP Music Books Celebrity Life All Life Fashion & Beauty Food All Food Recipes Local Food Reviews Health All Health Diet & Fitness Family & Child Men Women Seniors Sexual Health Diet & Fitness Homes All Homes Buying and Selling Condos Decorating Renovating Gardening Vacation Homes Life By Design Parenting Relationships Travel Royals Obits Classifieds All Classifieds FlyerCity Celebrating Browse Listings Place a Classifieds Ad Local Directory Careers Driving Subscribe Business Local Business Real Estate |Featured: Top Employers | More Open Search Close Search Search Videos Sign In Sign Out Subscribe 4 reasons why December is the most wonderful time of year to buy or sell property If you're planning to buy or sell during the winter season, there are some good reasons not to put it off until the New Year. Briana Tomkinson, Special to the Montreal Gazette Updated: November 25, 2019 Share Adjust Comment Print Slogging through snow and ice in sub-zero temperatures to shop for a home isn’t the most appealing way to spend a chilly winter day. Likewise, the thought of prepping your home for open houses at the same time as you’re getting set for holiday guests may seem daunting. Yet if you are planning to buy or sell during the winter season, there are some good reasons not to put it off until the new year. Holiday magic takes the chill off winter In December, twinkling lights, cheery Christmas trees and halls decked with holly remind us all that dark days won’t last forever. In January, lights are still up in many homes and everyone’s geared up for a fresh start and full of hope for a better year. Then the trees come down and the lights go out, but winter remains. With no holiday sparkle to take the edge off, buyers feel all the chill of winter and none of the festive fizz and pop. That’s one of the reasons Vistacor Realty’s Andrew Mitchell suggests clients who are game should go ahead and hit the market over the holidays. “People often feel they shouldn’t decorate the house, but it’s the opposite. People make decisions based on emotions, especially when they buy a home,” he said. “A fireplace, a tree, a warm house has a welcoming feeling. I think that plays well into how the house shows.” Buyers are serious Another reason to list over the holidays if you’re ready to sell, Mitchell said, is that there are fewer tire-kickers. “There are fewer visits, but the visits you do get are more likely to result in offers,” he said.  “Nobody wants to be out looking at homes when it’s -30 and it’s slippery, so the ones that are out doing it are serious about buying.” Because many sellers prefer not to list over the holidays, inventory also tends to drop, he said. With fewer homes for sale, it creates more of a sense of urgency for buyers to go ahead and put in a serious offer, rather than keep shopping around. “Negotiations are often faster and simpler during the holidays,” Mitchell said. Sellers are motivated The holiday season can also be advantageous for buyers. You’re competing with fewer people, for one. Although there may be less choice due to low inventory, if you do find the home you love, you’ll likely find the seller is more willing to consider a competitive offer because they aren’t seeing as many prospective buyers. Sellers are also often keen to make a deal so they can be ready to shop for their next home in the new year. While most sellers prefer not to show their home on Christmas, Tanya Nouwens, a broker with Re/Max Royal Jordan, said most go out of their way to accommodate serious buyers. Last year, she sold a home on Dec. 27. Like Mitchell, Nouwens said while there are fewer buyers, those who do show up are usually serious, and deals often come together quickly. “There are fewer buyers who are out, and if you’re a seller who’s on the market, you’re super happy to have someone come visit because it tends to be a quieter time,” she said. “When the market is slower, a seller is more open to negotiation.” Mon pays c’est l’hiver Let’s face it: we live in winter conditions for half the year in this part of Canada. As Gilles Vigneault famously sang, “Mon pays, ce n’est pas un pays, c’est l’hiver.” It’s critical to know what your new home is like when the mercury drops. See a house in summer and it’s easy to be seduced by all the green growing goodness. It’s all too easy to overlook the details that matter when it snows. You have to see a home in winter to know if the driveway is more like a luge track or if the plows are slow to clear your street. In winter there’s no hiding if the home is so poorly insulated that the icicles have icicles and certain rooms never seem to get warm. You’ll know if the windows fog up when it’s cold outside or if the “private” backyard becomes a fishbowl when the leaves drop. Then you can decide if you can live with those things or if they’re deal-breakers. Related Buying a new condo? Here are seven common pitfalls Profitable income properties are not easy to find Montreal real estate market displays 'unusual vigour' into November  Rent or buy? Montreal millennials weigh in on the homeownership debate  Montreal real estate market fever still burning strong in November This Week's Flyers Comments Postmedia is pleased to bring you a new commenting experience. We are committed to maintaining a lively but civil forum for discussion and encourage all readers to share their views on our articles. Comments may take up to an hour for moderation before appearing on the site. We ask you to keep your comments relevant and respectful. Visit our Community Guidelines for more information. Sign in to Comment Connect With Us Most Read What the Puck: Making the Canadiens great again begins at the top | Montreal Gazette Canadiens place backup goalie Keith Kinkaid on NHL waivers | Montreal Gazette What can a homebuyer get for $500,000 across Canada right now? | Montreal Gazette Gangs of Montreal, Episode 5: The biker war | Montreal Gazette Canadiens extend losing streak to eight games after early lead against Bruins | Montreal Gazette In the Habs’ Room: ‘We let their most dangerous player get behind us’ | Montreal ... McGill student society denies claims of anti-Semitism | Montreal Gazette Close Daily Headline News Thank you for subscribing to Postmedia's Newsletter. Email By clicking “Submit”, I consent to receiving the above communication from Postmedia Network Inc. I understand that I may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. Submit News Releases Business Wire DirectMed Parts & Service Acquires Medical Systems Technologies P&G 2019 Citizenship Report Highlights Commitment to Community Impact, Gender Equality, Diversity & Inclusion and ... Newmont to Repurchase up to $1 Billion of Stock Expanded U.S. NATETSO® Partnership Between Acerus Pharmaceuticals and Aytu BioScience Is Now Fully Operational More News Releases Share this story 4 reasons why December is the most wonderful time of year to buy or sell property Facebook Twitter Reddit Email Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn News All News Local News Quebec National World Opinion All Opinion Columnists Editorials Aislin and other editorial cartoons Sports All Sports Hockey Inside Out Hockey Football Soccer Baseball Basketball Tennis Golf Auto Racing Business All Business FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Energy Local Business Technology Small Business Arts Local Arts All Arts Montreal movies Television Montreal theatre Music Books Celebrity Life All Life Fashion & Beauty Food Health Diet & Fitness Homes Life By Design Parenting Relationships Travel Royals 365 Bloor St East, Toronto, ON, M4W3L4, www.postmedia.com © 2019 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Classifieds Obits Careers Browse Classifieds Place a Classified Ad Celebrating Driving FlyerCity Legal Privacy – Updated Terms Copyright & Permissions Digital Ad Registry Services Advertise With Us Subscribe My Subscription Edit Profile Contact ePaper Digital Access Contests Archives Properties Calgary Herald Canada.com Edmonton Journal Leader-Post (Regina) London Free Press National Post Ottawa Citizen The StarPhoenix (Saskatoon) The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun Windsor Star