Windsor-Essex first in Ontario with tool to reduce idled ambulances | Windsor Star	 Skip to navigation Skip to content News All News Local News National Election 2019 World Traffic Business All Business Local Business Energy Technology All Technology Gaming Internet Personal Tech Science Space Tech-Biz FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Hockey All Hockey NHL Detroit Red Wings Toronto Maple Leafs Football All Football NFL Detroit Lions CFL Baseball All Baseball Detroit Tigers Basketball All Basketball NBA NCAA Windsor Express Golf Golf Videos Soccer All Soccer International Soccer MLS Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies All Movies Movie Listings Television All Television TV Listings Music All Music NP Music Books Celebrity Life Milestones All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes All Homes Condos Decorating Gardening Renovating Vacation Homes Food All Food Local Food Reviews Recipes From the Vault Health All Health Diet & Fitness Family & Child Men Women Seniors Sexual Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Travel Obits Classifieds All Classifieds Flyercity Celebrating Browse Listings Place a Classifieds Ad Local Directory Careers Driving All Driving News Reviews Car Comparison Buyer’s Guide Subscription News Local News |Featured: Windsor International Film Festival Obesity Life After Death Spitfires Dying for a Drink Exit Wounds Election 2019 100 years of Point Pelee Opioid Crisis Windsor Tech Cannabis Help Wanted Anne Jarvis Windsor-Detroit bridge Woofa-Roo 2019 Reader Letters | More Open Search Close Search Search Videos Sign In Sign Out Subscribe Windsor-Essex first in Ontario with tool to reduce idled ambulances Sharon Hill, Windsor Star Updated: May 2, 2019 Ambulances are parked outside Windsor Regional Hospital - Ouellette Campus, Thursday, May 2, 2019. Dax Melmer / Windsor Star Share Adjust Comment Print For the first time in decades, Windsor is seeing a decrease in ambulances idled at hospitals as paramedics wait for a patient to get a bed. The hours of ambulance offload delays dropped enough from December to April that it’s like having three more ambulances on the road, Essex-Windsor EMS Chief Bruce Krauter said Thursday. It’s using all the resources in the region wisely And it’s the result of technology and a system between Essex-Windsor EMS and local hospitals that’s a first in Ontario, he said. “It is a big deal. The news stories for decades have been ambulance offloads that we couldn’t get our patients off our stretchers,” Krauter said. “We’re getting the ambulances back on the road where they need to be.” Those offload delays were reduced by 6,994 hours from December to the end of March compared to the same period a year ago which is like having 3.36 ambulances staffed 40 hours a week on the road instead of parked at hospitals, he said. “In the first quarter our response times are meeting or exceeding our targets,” Krauter said. Ambulances are parked outside Windsor Regional Hospital – Ouellette Campus, Thursday, May 2, 2019. Dax Melmer / jpg Essex-Windsor EMS began working with its call report vendor Interdev Technologies in January 2018 to develop a dashboard system that allowed management and the hospitals to see the information from the communications centre as ambulances were dispatched. Because of technical issues, all ambulance systems in Ontario don’t have access to the real-time data from the dispatch centre and other ambulance systems are interested in this tool, he said. “We’re the first ones in the province to get it.” With the new technology, the number of patients transported to Leamington almost doubled in the first quarter. Instead of a patient from Belle River going automatically to Windsor, that patient may now go by ambulance to Erie Shores HealthCare, the hospital in Leamington, if it is less busy and can provide the care. Krauter said someone with a non-urgent issue such as abdominal or back pain, whether they live in the county or the city, may be taken to Leamington if it is less busy. There was a bit of push-back at first because some people didn’t want to go to Leamington. There are still destination protocols for emergency cases such as a heart attack or a traumatic car accident and those patients would still go to Windsor Regional Hospital’s Ouellette campus, he said. The new system means the hospital chosen isn’t based on geography but on getting the patient to the spot that can provide the health care quickly, he said. And get ambulances back on the road. “It’s using all the resources in the region wisely.” Janice Dawson, CEO of Erie Shores HealthCare, said working together “promotes positive outcomes for patients no matter where they live” and the response from patients who would not normally have gone to Leamington has been positive. With the system, the offload delay that used to average well over an hour — sometimes four to five hours — is down to about 40 minutes, Krauter said. He’d like to get that down to 20 to 30 minutes for paramedics. Related New $3.5M PET/CT scanner arrives at Windsor Regional Hospital Windsor Regional Hospital adds ER wait-time tracker to website Windsor Star: Health Essex-Windsor EMS unveils new Dougall Avenue base shill@postmedia.com twitter.com/winstarhill Ambulances are parked outside Windsor Regional Hospital – Ouellette Campus, Thursday, May 2, 2019. Dax Melmer / Windsor Star   Windsor doctor faces allegations of professional misconduct Flushable wipes wrecking municipal sewers, companies should be fined, groups say This Week's Flyers Comments Postmedia is pleased to bring you a new commenting experience. We are committed to maintaining a lively but civil forum for discussion and encourage all readers to share their views on our articles. Comments may take up to an hour for moderation before appearing on the site. We ask you to keep your comments relevant and respectful. Visit our Community Guidelines for more information. Sign in to Comment Connect With Us Weather Weather Currently Feels Like We want you to have the most accurate weather report you can. Please enter a valid postal code Latest National News World Fishmongers Hall exec details how employee and patrons fought knife-wielding London terrorist World 'Sweating all over me': BBC to air interview with Virginia Giuffre, who says she was ... World Ex-FBI lawyer Lisa Page says Trump's 'demeaning fake orgasm' was the last straw Close Daily Headline News Thank you for subscribing to Postmedia's Newsletter. Email By clicking "Submit", I consent to receiving the above communication from Postmedia Network Inc. I understand that I may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. Submit Most Read Windsor woman dies in Chatham-Kent crash | Windsor Star Pussycat Dolls’ raunchy ‘nearly naked’ reunion sparks 400 complaints | Windsor Star Man gets house arrest for defrauding employer of almost $1 million | Windsor Star Windsor Weather Forecast - News & Reports | Windsor Star Traffic Share this story Windsor-Essex first in Ontario with tool to reduce idled ambulances Facebook Twitter Reddit Email Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn News All News Local News National World Traffic Business All Business Local Business Energy Technology FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Hockey Football Baseball Basketball Golf Soccer Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies Television Music Books Celebrity Life Milestones All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes Food From the Vault Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Travel 365 Bloor St East, Toronto, ON, M4W3L4, www.postmedia.com © 2019 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Classifieds Obits Careers Browse Classifieds Place a Classified Ad Celebrating Driving FlyerCity Local Directory Legal Privacy – Updated Terms Copyright & Permissions Digital Ad Registry Services Advertise With Us Subscribe My Subscription Edit Profile Contact ePaper Digital Access Contests Partnerships Properties Calgary Herald Canada.com Edmonton Journal London Free Press Montreal Gazette National Post Ottawa Citizen Leader-Post (Regina) The StarPhoenix (Saskatoon) The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun