With Coach’s Corner silenced, a look back at how Don Cherry changed how we watched hockey forever | Windsor Star	 Skip to navigation Skip to content News All News Local News National Election 2019 World Traffic Business All Business Local Business Energy Technology All Technology Gaming Internet Personal Tech Science Space Tech-Biz FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Hockey All Hockey NHL Detroit Red Wings Toronto Maple Leafs Football All Football NFL Detroit Lions CFL Baseball All Baseball Detroit Tigers Basketball All Basketball NBA NCAA Windsor Express Golf Golf Videos Soccer All Soccer International Soccer MLS Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies All Movies Movie Listings Television All Television TV Listings Music All Music NP Music Books Celebrity Life Milestones All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes All Homes Condos Decorating Gardening Renovating Vacation Homes Food All Food Local Food Reviews Recipes From the Vault Health All Health Diet & Fitness Family & Child Men Women Seniors Sexual Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Travel Obits Classifieds All Classifieds Flyercity Celebrating Browse Listings Place a Classifieds Ad Local Directory Careers Driving All Driving News Reviews Car Comparison Buyer’s Guide Subscription Sports Hockey NHL Detroit Red Wings Toronto Maple Leafs |Featured: Library Strike Fit Tips Kelly Steele Windsor In Pictures | More Open Search Close Search Search Videos Sign In Sign Out Subscribe With Coach's Corner silenced, a look back at how Don Cherry changed how we watched hockey forever Lance Hornby Updated: November 18, 2019 Share Adjust Comment Print Hard to believe Don Cherry has taken his final bow on that Coach’s Corner opening montage, that his bull terrier Blue will bark no more and that Grapes himself is silenced from shouting down Ron MacLean and groaning at his closing pun. “I don’t know what that piece of music is actually called,” said former Hockey Night in Canada producer John Shannon of the intro clip played 100 times every hockey season. “It’s just become known as the Coach’s Corner theme. (Producer) Ron Harrison deserves the credit for putting that while thing together.” Since the mid-1980s, it heralded an often-raucous five-minute segment of straight man MacLean getting Cherry’s spin on top hockey stories and Cherry zeroing in on a pet peeve or favourite player. Cherry often crossed the line of conventional intermission shows and MacLean usually reeled him back in time. The show was not likely long for the TV world as Cherry approached his 86th birthday and both he and MacLean dodged censors and budget cuts a few times. But Cherry’s firing on Monday and the end of a theatrical hockey era was a shocker. Speculation on replacements, such as Brian Burke, will be rampant in coming weeks, but if Sportsnet stays with a similar format, Cherry is one tough act to follow. For the better part of four decades, fans didn’t head for the washroom or the fridge when Ron and Don came on. To this day in the Scotiabank Arena press box, an usher turns up the sound on a big TV with NHL media, management, scouts and caretakers all pausing to see whose feathers Cherry was going to ruffle. His broadcast career started much like predecessor Howie Meeker, neither man a TV-trained analyst, but frustrated at trends they saw on the ice going unchallenged by others. After Cherry’s bench success in Boston (the Coach’s Corner clip is of him reacting to the 1979 too-many-men playoff loss in Montreal) and his short stint with the Colorado Rockies, he wanted back in. While Cherry was surviving on the banquet circuit, then-HNIC producer Ralph Mellanby gave him a chance to do an Eastern game intermission segment to complement Meeker in the West. It wasn’t long before Cherry was stealing the show and Coach’s Corner was unleashed nationally, with MacLean replacing Hodge in 1986. Cherry’s talking points became familiar: Fighting was fine, visors were for sissies and everyone from Kingston was a great guy, especially if they were Bruins or Leafs. Cherry once said he imagined he was talking straight to a Royal Canadian Legion hall, an audience the proud history buff could relate to. “At that time, he spoke for the common guy, for what a lot of people thought,” Shannon said. “That was his strength; he’d discuss a player, a team or a coach from the heart. I think Ralph knew that about Don and at a time when Hockey Night didn’t rely solely on the games, he had to make sure we had compelling television. And that meant Don.” In the early years, Coach’s Corner was shot from a tiny studio right across from the Leafs dressing room. Part of Grapes’ package were his outlandish suits, high collars and fractured English. His business interests also branched out to a chain of sports bars, Rock ’Em, Sock ’Em videos (before NHL fighting waned) and his own talk show on CHCH-TV in Hamilton. He also did radio bits with the CBC’s Brian Williams. In Shannon’s time at HNIC, he’d have little trouble coaxing Cherry to open the segment with local flavour, such as pretending to pull an octopus out of the Detroit River or appearing as a Shakespearean actor. “He has a magnetic personality, no question,” said Shannon. “And he was all about branding before the term was even invented.” GRAPES OF WRATH Controversial quotes from Don Cherry’s Coach’s Corner: *Called a few retired NHL enforcers “a bunch of pukes” for stating regret over their style and urging more research into post-career concussions. *Mocked the hiring of Finnish assistant coach Alpo Suhonen, compared his name to a brand of dog food. *Labelled environmentalist David Suzuki “a left-wing kook” on climate change. *He was down on over-the-top goal celebrations, calling Alex Ovechkin “a goof” and warning he’d be head-hunted. He also slammed Sidney Crosby for much the same exuberance. * He ripped “Europeans and French (-Canadian) guys” for wearing visors, which brought the Canadian Languages Commissioner down on him. *Attacked the Bloc Quebecois for removing Canadian flags from MPs’ desks. * Still harping on Quebec, Cherry criticized skier Jean-Luc Brassard as Canada’s Olympic flag-bearer at the 1998 Olympics. The CBC ombudsman chastised him for that. * In 2003, Cherry and MacLean strayed into an argument about Canada not joining  the war in Iraq. Cherry’s pro-U.S. sentiments led to 1,500 complaints to the CBC. * Last season he dismissed the Carolina Hurricanes as a “bunch of jerks” for their Storm Surge victory celebration. It spawned a line of T-shirts for the team. *Though it didn’t happen on Coach’s Corner, Cherry broke into a MacLean post-game interview with Leafs playoff hero Doug Gilmour in 1993 and kissed him, sparking a verbal feud with Kings coach Barry Melrose. lhornby@postmedia.com Leafs escape St. Louis with a point This Week's Flyers Comments Postmedia is pleased to bring you a new commenting experience. We are committed to maintaining a lively but civil forum for discussion and encourage all readers to share their views on our articles. Comments may take up to an hour for moderation before appearing on the site. We ask you to keep your comments relevant and respectful. Visit our Community Guidelines for more information. Sign in to Comment Connect With Us SCORES Close Daily Sports Newsletter Thank you for subscribing to Postmedia's Newsletter. Email By clicking "Submit", I consent to receiving the above communication from Postmedia Network Inc. I understand that I may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. Submit Toronto Maple Leafs Leafs GM Dubas has no more excuses after firing Babcock Leafs get shelled by Penguins in Pittsburgh With Coach's Corner silenced, a look back at how Don Cherry changed how we watched ... Maple Leafs win in shootout over Flyers despite penalty parade Share this story With Coach's Corner silenced, a look back at how Don Cherry changed how we watched hockey forever Facebook Twitter Reddit Email Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn News All News Local News National World Traffic Business All Business Local Business Energy Technology FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Hockey Football Baseball Basketball Golf Soccer Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies Television Music Books Celebrity Life Milestones All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes Food From the Vault Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Travel 365 Bloor St East, Toronto, ON, M4W3L4, www.postmedia.com © 2019 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Classifieds Obits Careers Browse Classifieds Place a Classified Ad Celebrating Driving FlyerCity Local Directory Legal Privacy – Updated Terms Copyright & Permissions Digital Ad Registry Services Advertise With Us Subscribe My Subscription Edit Profile Contact ePaper Digital Access Contests Partnerships Properties Calgary Herald Canada.com Edmonton Journal London Free Press Montreal Gazette National Post Ottawa Citizen Leader-Post (Regina) The StarPhoenix (Saskatoon) The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun