World Wide Web Consortium (W3C) W3C W3C By Region All Australia Österreich (Austria) België (Belgium) Botswana Brasil (Brazil) 中国 (China) Suomi (Finland) Deutschland (Germany) Ελλάδα (Greece) France Magyarország (Hungary) भारत (India) Éire (Ireland) Italia (Italy) 日本 (Japan) 한국 (Korea) Lesotho Lëtzebuerg (Luxembourg) المغرب (Morocco) Namibia Nederland (Netherlands) Россия (Russia) España (Spain) South Africa Swatini (Swaziland) Sverige (Sweden) United Kingdom Standards Participate Membership About W3C Site Navigation Web and Industry Automotive Entertainment (TV and Broadcasting) Publishing Web Payments Web of Data Web and Telecommunications Web of Things Web for All Accessibility Internationalization Web Security Privacy W3C Work Groups Code of Ethics and Professional Conduct W3C Groups Participant guidebook Current W3C Community Groups Proposed W3C Community Groups Dev Resources Validators W3C cheatsheet More Open Source Software Web Platform Tests W3Cx (Training) More ways to participate Member-only Home Join a Group Join requests queue Get a Member Account Skip News New version of the Roadmap of Web Applications on Mobile 2 December 2019 | Archive W3C has published a new version of its Roadmap of Web Applications on Mobile, an overview of the various technologies developed in W3C that increase the capabilities of Web applications, and how they apply more specifically to the mobile context. The November 2019 snapshot refreshes the list of technologies under incubation in Community Groups or on the standardization track in Working Groups. See the Change history since April 2019 for details. New standardization proposals have notably emerged, including: WebTransport, an API similar to WebSocket but closer to UDP and based on QUIC, described in Network and Communications; WebCodecs to expose media encoders/decoders to web applications, described in Media; WebGPU, described in Graphics and Layout, which has made significant progress in the past few months; Input for workers and worklets, described in User Interaction; Various low-level specifications for Performance and Tuning, such as isInputPending, the <virtual-scroller> element, and Audio Device Client in Media. Former proposals under incubation in Community Groups have moved to the standardization track since April 2019. For instance, media specifications such as Media Capabilities, Picture-in-Picture, and Media Session are now being standardized by the Media Working Group (see Media). Similarly, the CSS Animation Worklet API has been adopted by the CSS Working Group (see Performance and Tuning). Still in the performance ballpark, WebAssembly has made quick progress on the standardization track and was moved to well-deployed technologies in Performance and Tuning. On top of specifications, the November 2019 snapshot also reflects on implementation progress. For instance, Resize Observer shipped in Firefox and Safari (see Device Adaptation), Background Fetch shipped in Chrome (see Application Lifecycle) and the <datalist> element defined in HTML shipped on all main browsers (see Forms). Sponsored by Beihang University, this project is part of a set of roadmaps under development in a GitHub repository to document existing standards, highlight ongoing standardization efforts, point out topics under incubation, and discuss technical gaps that may need to be addressed in the future. New versions will be published on a quarterly basis, or as needed depending on progress of key technologies of the Web platform. We encourage the community to review them and raise comments, or suggest new ones, in the repository’s issue tracker. First Public Working Draft: TTML Profiles for Internet Media Subtitles and Captions 1.2 28 November 2019 | Archive The Timed Text Working Group has published a First Public Working Draft of TTML Profiles for Internet Media Subtitles and Captions 1.2. This specification defines two profiles of [ttml2]: a text-only profile and an image-only profile. These profiles are intended to be used across subtitle and caption delivery applications worldwide, thereby simplifying interoperability, consistent rendering and conversion to other subtitling and captioning formats. This specification improves on [ttml-imsc1.1] by supporting contemporary practices, while retaining compatibility with [ttml-imsc1.1] documents. It provides one new feature, which permits external font files to be referenced explicitly. One existing feature has been clarified, and no features have been deprecated in this version. First Public Working Draft: Use Cases and Requirements for Decentralized Identifiers 28 November 2019 | Archive The Decentralized Identifier Working Group has published a First Public Working Draft of Use Cases and Requirements for Decentralized Identifiers. This document sets out use cases and requirements for a new type of identifier that has 4 essential characteristics: decentralized: there should be no central issuing agency; persistent: the identifier should be inherently persistent, not requiring the continued operation of an underling organization; cryptographically verifiable: it should be possible to prove control of the identifier cryptographically; resolvable: it should be possible to discover metadata about the identifier. Although existing identifiers may display some of these characteristics, none currently displays all four. High Resolution Time Level 2 is a W3C Recommendation 21 November 2019 | Archive The Web Performance Working Group has published High Resolution Time Level 2 as a W3C Recommendation. This specification defines an API that provides the time origin, and current time in sub-millisecond resolution, such that it is not subject to system clock skew or adjustments. High Resolution Time Level 2 replaces the first version of High Resolution Time. CSS Containment Module Level 1 is a W3C Recommendation 21 November 2019 | Archive The CSS Working Group has published CSS Containment Module Level 1 as a W3C Recommendation. This CSS module describes the contain property, which indicates that the element’s subtree is independent of the rest of the page. This enables heavy optimizations by user agents when used well. Verifiable Credentials Data Model 1.0 is a W3C Recommendation 19 November 2019 | Archive The Verifiable Claims Working Group has published Verifiable Credentials Data Model 1.0 as a W3C Recommendation. Credentials are a part of our daily lives; driver’s licenses are used to assert that we are capable of operating a motor vehicle, university degrees can be used to assert our level of education, and government-issued passports enable us to travel between countries. This specification provides a mechanism to express these sorts of credentials on the Web in a way that is cryptographically secure, privacy respecting, and machine-verifiable. W3C Invites Implementations of Service Workers 1 19 November 2019 | Archive The Service Workers Working Group has published a Candidate Recommendation of Service Workers 1. This specification describes a method that enables applications to take advantage of persistent background processing, including hooks to enable bootstrapping of web applications while offline. The core of this system is an event-driven Web Worker, which responds to events dispatched from documents and other sources. A system for managing installation, versions, and upgrades is provided. The service worker is a generic entry point for event-driven background processing in the Web Platform that is extensible by other specifications. Comments are welcome by 31 January 2020. More news… Talks and Appearances None. See full list of W3C Talks and Appearances. Events 2019-12-03 ( 3 DEC ) – 2019-12-05 ( 5 DEC ) Technical Architecture Group Meeting Cupertino, CA, USA Apple 2020-01-22 ( 22 JAN ) – 2020-01-24 ( 24 JAN ) Cascading Style Sheets (CSS) Working Group Meeting A Coruña, Galicia, Spain Igalia 2020-01-29 ( 29 JAN ) – 2020-01-31 ( 31 JAN ) DID Working Group Meeting Amsterdam, the Netherlands Hosted by Microsoft, the Netherlands 2020-03-30 ( 30 MAR ) – 2020-04-02 ( 2 APR ) Web Payments Working Group Dublin, Ireland Airbnb 2020-05-17 ( 17 MAY ) – 2020-05-19 ( 19 MAY ) AC Seoul 2020 Seoul, Korea 2020-10-26 ( 26 OCT ) – 2020-10-30 ( 30 OCT ) TPAC 2020 Vancouver, Canada About W3C The World Wide Web Consortium (W3C) is an international community that develops open standards to ensure the long-term growth of the Web. Donations Become a Friend of W3C: support the W3C mission and free developer tools. W3C Blog Status update on Web Games technologies 26 November 2019 by François Daoust W3C Distributed Tracing Working Group Workshop in Seattle, November 2019 16 November 2019 by Philippe le Hegaret W3C DevMeetup 2019 report 31 October 2019 by Marie-Claire Forgue W3C is hiring A Web Developer W3C Member Testimonial German Research Center for Artificial Intelligence (DFKI) Gmbh DFKI is one of the largest nonprofit contract research institutes worldwide in the field of innovative software technology based on Artificial Intelligence methods. DFKI is committed to the use of W3C standards in research and development. Web Accessibility and W3C standards (Video) Watch our video on Web Accessibility and W3C standards! Footer Navigation Navigation Home Standards Participate Membership About W3C Contact W3C Contact Help and FAQ Sponsor / Donate Site Map Feedback W3C Updates Copyright © 2019 W3C ® (MIT, ERCIM, Keio, Beihang) Usage policies apply.