XML Core Working Group - IPR Statements (historical)
    XML Core Working Group This page has been superseded This page is now closed, as the group now operates under the W3C Patent Policy Transition Procedure. Please see the ongoing list of patent disclosures to carry out any operations associated with this group, and for a record of all disclosures since the end of 2004. IPR disclosures (historical) The following statements were the patent disclosures and license commitments associated with the XML Core Documents and provided by members of the XML Core Working Group as required by the W3C Current Patent Practice, for deliverables of the Group through the end of 2004. The Questions Each member wishing to participate in the XML Core Group answered the following questions; their response are tabulated after the questions. Participation. Please select one of the following: [everyone listed here said they were intending to participate] Patent Claims This is a charter for a Royalty-Free Working Group, as defined in the Current Patent Practice Note. The deliverables of this Activity are: XML Inclusions (XInclude) XML 1.1 ongoing errata updates study and possible work on XML 2.0 Disclosure. Please select one of the following three options: Patents essential to these deliverables should be disclosed according to section 3 of W3C's Current Patent Practice Note. To the best of my personal knowledge, my organization has no patents essential to the above deliverables. (this is marked in the table below as [no-knowledge]) My organization has patents that may be essential to the above deliverables. (Patent numbers must be listed here.) (no respondants chose this option.) My organization will respond to this question at a later date, indicating one of the two previous options. I understand that failure to indicate one of the above two options by the time the Recommendation-track deliverable(s) enter Candidate Recommendation (or Proposed Recommendation if there is no Candidate Recommendation) will render my disclosure obligation incomplete, as described in the Current Patent Practice Note. (no respondants chose this option.) Licensing. Please select the following option if applicable: My organization may or may not have patents essential to the above deliverables. If we do, we agree to license them on Royalty-Free terms (as defined in section 6 of the Current Patent Practice Note to all implementers, whether or not they are Members of W3C. (this is marked as [RF] in the table below) Responses Note: The IPR and license claims are linked to the archived mail messages that were sent, in which the claims were made. These links are accessible only to W3C staff. Organization AC Rep WG Participants Patents? Licensing Arbortext, Inc Paul Grosso Paul Grosso Andrew Fang no-knowledge blank IBM Arnaud Le Hors Arnaud Le Hors Glenn Marcy no-knowledge blank Microsoft Inc David Turner Jonathan Marsh Allen Brown no-knowledge blank NIST Mark Skall Sandra Martinez Frederick Boland no-knowledge blank Oracle Corporation Donald Deutsch Dmitry Lenkov Anjana Manian no-knowledge blank Reuters Health Information Misha Wolf John Cowan no-knowledge RF SIRSI Corporation (formerly DRA) Mark Needleman Mark Needleman no-knowledge blank Sun Microsystems, Inc. Eduardo Gutentag Norm Walsh no-knowledge RF University of Edinburgh Henry S. Thompson Richard Tobin no-knowledge blank Invited Expert John Evdemon John Evdemon no-knowledge RF Invited Expert Mary Brady Mary Brady no-knowledge blank Invited Expert Lew Shannon Lew Shannon no-knowledge RF Invited Expert Daniel Veillard Daniel Veillard no-knowledge blank Invited Expert François Yergeau François Yergeau no-knowledge RF Compiled by Liam Quin, $Id: xmlcore-IPR-statements.html,v 1.11 2008/01/17 12:38:54 ht Exp $