‎4WarnMe on the App Store Global Nav Open Menu Global Nav Close Menu Apple Shopping Bag Search apple.com Cancel Apple Mac iPad iPhone Watch TV Music Support Shopping Bag Cancel App Store Preview This app is available only on the App Store for iPhone and iPad. 4WarnMe 4+ Local TV LLC 3.5, 66 Ratings Free Screenshots iPhone iPad Description The KFOR Mobile Weather App includes: * Access to station content specifically for our mobile users * 250 meter radar, the highest resolution available * Future radar to see where severe weather is headed * High resolution satellite cloud imagery * Current weather updated multiple times per hour * Daily and Hourly forecasts updated hourly from our computer models * Ability to add and save your favorite locations * A fully integrated GPS for current location awareness * Severe weather alerts from the National Weather Service * Opt-in push alerts to keep you safe in severe weather What’s New Version History Oct 31, 2019 Version 4.10.1601 * performance improvements Ratings and Reviews 3.5 out of 5 66 Ratings 66 Ratings Crnchy , 06/24/2018 Having connections problems The app is great and informative when it works. I’ve had problems since the last update, it keeps saying I’m not connected to WiFi when I am, and then it’s not working when I don’t have a WiFi connection-which shouldn’t matter since I’m on an LTE network. I’ve tried deleting it and attempted to re download it but nothing has worked. About to just delete it and be done with it at this point. OUrocketman , 06/17/2019 Bring back old GUI Fantastic app, but the deviation from the format of your website to the new look of the map and storm front symbols is tragic. The colors are not as distinctive complete with less precision. Please at least give an option for a legacy look to be consistent with your website. The new look is terrible! Other than that, please keep up the otherwise great work! Cute Butt@97 , 03/29/2018 Not very good When I open the app the app does bring me to the home screen of the app. I waited 15 min and it still hasn’t loaded. Other than that the app is very helpful. But if I have an emergency then I’m not going to be able to see what’s coming or passed. Information Seller Local TV LLC Size 79.8 MB Category Weather Compatibility Requires iOS 11.0 or later. Compatible with iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch. Languages English, Spanish Age Rating 4+ Copyright © Local TV LLC Price Free App Support Privacy Policy App Support Privacy Policy Supports Family Sharing With Family Sharing set up, up to six family members can use this app. More By This Developer See All KFOR News WTKR News 3 News Fox 13 News News FOX 8 News News WREG News 13Now News You May Also Like See All News 9 Weather Weather News on 6 Weather Weather Mesonet Weather WSMV WX Weather FOX 25 Stormwatch Weather Weather ATsWeatherToGo Weather More ways to shop: Visit an Apple Store, call 1-800-MY-APPLE, or find a reseller. Choose your country or region Copyright © 2019 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map