‎AeroWeather Lite on the App Store Global Nav Open Menu Global Nav Close Menu Apple Shopping Bag Search apple.com Cancel Apple Mac iPad iPhone Watch TV Music Support Shopping Bag Cancel App Store Preview This app is available only on the App Store for iPhone and iPad. AeroWeather Lite 4+ Current and precise weather Lakehorn AG #181 in Weather 3.5, 83 Ratings Free Offers In-App Purchases Screenshots iPhone iPad iMessage Description *** AeroWeather: for pilots, aviation enthusiasts, and everyone who is serious about the weather! *** Current and precise weather conditions (METAR) and forecasts (TAF). AeroWeather Lite provides quick and intuitive access to METAR and TAF for airports worldwide. Data can be shown in its original (raw) format or as fully decoded and easy understandable texts. AeroWeather Lite is helpful for weather preflight-briefings, but also to just get very precise weather. All weather data is cached for offline access. There are many settings for units and format of METAR/TAF available. The app features a built-in airport database, which includes basic airport data like sunrise/sunset, twilight times, timezones etc. AeroWeather Lite offers built-in groups for nearby stations, today widget*, and earthquakes. Depending on your needs, groups can be shown or hidden in the main list view. METAR alert notifications** is an helpful feature to stay up-to-date. Define multiple alerts for each station with the following criteria: flight rule (US NOAA), wind speed, temperature, pressure, present weather, visibility, and ceiling (BKN and OVC). Notifications will be sent to your device if the criteria is met (e.g., when wind is greater/equal 10 kts, flight rule becomes IFR). Dedicated METAR/TAF** access is optionally available. METAR/TAF data comes primarily from certified ANSP (air navigation service provider) MeteoSwiss and is provided reliably and fast from our dedicated, redundant servers (indicated by blue checkmark underneath METAR/TAF). The AeroPix feature offers users the possibility to take quickly picture(s) of the weather at their current location. The pictures will be available to all other pilots (on the map or within an airport detail view) helping them to get a better idea about local conditions. AeroPix should be especially helpful when there's no or insufficient webcam coverage. There's also an iMessage app included which lets you easily send METAR/TAF of any airport to other users. Please consult our web-site for a full description of all features. In order to keep AeroWeather Lite free we added a small ad banner at the bottom of the screen. Consider getting AeroWeather Pro, subscribe the additional features**, or remove the ad banner through one-time unlock* to have an ad-free app. * Additional functionality which needs to be unlocked (one-time purchase). These purchases are not transferable between Lite, Pro, and Mac. ** SUBSCRIPTION Additional features which generate recurring operation costs for us will be offered within a subscription. The following features are enabled while a subscription is active: - Dedicated METAR/TAF data source - Meteograms - Alert notifications When using AeroWeather Lite also the following features are enabled: - Remove ad banner - Widget The subscription varies in time periods (1 month, 2 months, 12 months). The subscription is valid in both AeroWeather Lite and Pro. Cross app subscription support is only available if iCloud (with the same Apple ID) is enabled. Previously purchased unlock features are not affected and will work with or without subscription. Auto-renewal may be turned off at any time by going to your account settings. A payment will be charged to your iTunes account at the end of the free trial period. Your iTunes account will be charged for renewal within 24 hours prior to the end of the current period. No commitment - you can cancel any time. Pleas read the full “Subscription Terms of Use” at: https://www.lakehorn.com/subscription-terms-of-use/ What’s New Version History Nov 23, 2019 Version 2.6 New in Plus Package: - METAR raw data archive with up to 6 months of data back (accessible in airport's detail view) - Extreme weather group showing min/max of wind and temperature grouped by continent (accessible via ooo-button in main list) - New alert types: tailwind on any runway, temperature/dew point spread New: - Added toolbox with reference lists and decoders in detail view (where AeroPix camera button used to be; which is now also in the toolbox). Improved and fixed: - Dark Mode for all settings and maps (if enabled via subscription) - Bug fixing (e.g., dynamic font sizes, METAR/TAF widget) - Minor layout improvements - Database update (2019-11-07) Ratings and Reviews 3.5 out of 5 83 Ratings 83 Ratings I. Gede Mangku , 10/27/2018 Crashing Been using this for years. Won't upgrade as none of the additional features are useful outside of the USA. Love the flags as my stations are organised by country. But like many apps, it’s trying to do too much and now starts the subscription model. As a Widebody senior training captain who uses this constantly, I’d bet I’m not the only one here who just wants a clean and simple weather app like this used to be. Don’t ruin it. Leave the lite app alone and add the bells and whistles to the paid app. Tjsean , 01/02/2018 It’s on a fine line. This app was nearly perfect. They added a few features like the widget and a nearby tab. Both are cool, but I don’t want the widget and I’m stuck with the tab. Unfortunately they have made the app a bit bloated, it doesn’t run as good as it used to. The tabs at the top are not removable. That combined with the inevitable add banner, makes the airport list only three or so depending on how you read your weather. It’s still super useable, but it’s on thin ice if they go more glitz and less user adjustably on the next one it’s gone. The aviation community wants stuff that works not stuff that’s pretty. JL1423 , 08/15/2018 Customer service no longer there This is one of my “go to” weather apps but I’ve been having some technical issues and several messages to the developer have gone unanswered, including one more than a month ago. Doesn’t bode well for the future of this or their other apps! Subscriptions See All METAR/TAF Widget Quick METAR/TAF access through Today Widget. $0.99 In-App Purchases See All METAR/TAF Widget Quick METAR/TAF access through Today Widget. $0.99 Information Seller Lakehorn AG Size 78.7 MB Category Weather Compatibility Requires iOS 10.0 or later. Compatible with iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch. Languages English, Danish, Dutch, Finnish, French, German, Italian, Japanese, Norwegian Bokmål, Polish, Portuguese, Russian, Simplified Chinese, Spanish, Swedish Age Rating 4+ Copyright © 2008-2019 Lakehorn AG Price Free In-App Purchases Remove Ad-Banner $1.99 METAR/TAF Widget $0.99 Alerts $2.99 more Developer Website App Support Privacy Policy Developer Website App Support Privacy Policy Supports Family Sharing With Family Sharing set up, up to six family members can use this app. More By This Developer See All AeroWeather Pro Weather AeroVariation Navigation AeroNOTAM Navigation QR Code vCard Utilities PixCompare Photo & Video PixWebcam Photo & Video You May Also Like See All ForeFlight Mobile EFB Weather Garmin Pilot Weather AeroPlus Aviation Weather Weather WSI Pilotbrief Optima Weather StationWeather Lite Weather Aviation Weather Route Planner Weather More ways to shop: Visit an Apple Store, call 1-800-MY-APPLE, or find a reseller. Choose your country or region Copyright © 2019 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map