‎DeerCast on the App Store Global Nav Open Menu Global Nav Close Menu Apple Shopping Bag Search apple.com Cancel Apple Mac iPad iPhone Watch TV Music Support Shopping Bag Cancel App Store Preview This app is available only on the App Store for iPhone and iPad. DeerCast 12+ Drury Outdoors #15 in Weather 4.0, 679 Ratings Free Offers In-App Purchases Screenshots iPhone iPad Description Deer are complex animals that are constantly reacting to their environments. DeerCast has taken those factors and integrated them with location-specific, real-time weather data to deliver the most reliable deer movement prediction ever. The result? More than half a million hunters installed DeerCast last season alone to get ahead of their game. “I’ve never shot a buck this early in the season, but DeerCast said “Great” and definitely made this hunt a success!” - Jason H. “We live 45 minutes from our property and have a busy family so we watch DeerCast for those small windows when we can get to the woods. DeerCast called it “Great” and my son took a 178” Kansas monster!” – Brian S. DeerCast is the culmination of Mark and Terry Drury’s 70 combined years of deer hunting knowledge wrapped up into the essential tool for deer hunters. With a tuned-up algorithm based on real-world usage data and forecasts out to 10 days, DeerCast is more accurate than ever! DeerCast TRACK The hunt isn’t over once you’ve made the shot. With Track, select your point of impact on an anatomical deer model and see inside the shot. The DeerCast Track tool will select shots that most closely match yours from our extensive database and then deliver videos that show the affected body systems. You’ll also get expert advice from seasoned trackers on what you likely hit, how long to wait, and what to look for in the tracking process. DeerCast CUSTOM Use your observations and knowledge to customize your DeerCast forecast. DeerCast Custom allows you to dial in the optimism or pessimism of your DeerCast, fine-tuning a unique deer movement forecast for each of your saved locations.  DESKTOP Access all the resources and tools of your DeerCast account on a laptop, tablet, or desktop computer by simply logging in to DeerCast.com!  DODTV Every online video and series we produce is cataloged and kept up to date in the DODTV section of DeerCast. Get recipe ideas from Tay’s “Killing It In The Kitchen.” Watch guest interviews on the “100% Wild Podcast” and a whole lot more! Our entire DODTV channel is waiting for you in DeerCast!   ARTICLES Boost your hunting knowledge and skillset with daily articles from our team of passionate outdoor writers. From land management, wild game prep, whitetail tactics, and everything in between, hunting is a continuing education and the DeerCast classroom is always in session.  DeerCast LIBRARY Do you miss the good old days of hunting videos? Binge watch over 115 of our VHS/DVD titles reaching all the way back to 1989. There are over 210 HOURS of high quality, classic hunting footage right at your fingertips.  DeerCast NOW Witness our team members’ raw footage from the field, as the hunts happen during the season, exclusively within the DeerCast NOW video series.  MANAGE SUBSCRIPTION - Subscription automatically renews unless auto-renew is turned off at least 24 hours before the end of the current period. Your iTunes account will be charged for renewal within 24 hours prior to the end of the current period and identify the cost of the renewal. - Payment will be charged to iTunes Account at confirmation of Purchase. - Visit the following URL for full terms of use: http://www.druryoutdoors.com/deercast/terms-of-service.php - Turn off auto-renewal via the main Settings app: https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT202039 FEEDBACK We want to know about your experience with DeerCast! Shoot us an email at support@DeerCast.com. What’s New Version History Oct 29, 2019 Version 1.5.5 Version 1.5.5: Minor updates and bug fixes. Version 1.5.1: This version unveils DeerCast Track, a powerful new deer-recovery tool allowing you to see inside your shot and get expert tracking advice, giving you the advantage when it comes time to trail your deer. Also new is DeerCast Custom, a utility allowing you to change the optimism or pessimism of the DeerCast forecast for each of your properties. Got a property that hunts harder than most? Slide the pessimism down until it fully reflects the reality on the ground. Got a honey hole that can’t lose? Boost the optimism and know exactly when you should be in the stand. So many DeerCasters requested a longer-range forecast, so we doubled last season’s five day with a new, ten day DeerCast. Planning your vacation time this fall just got a little easier! After a full year in the wild, we’ve refined the algorithm behind DeerCast to be even more aligned with deer movement. It’s tuned up and ready for season! Another popular request was to make DeerCast available on computers and tablets. It was a great idea so we’re proud to announce that you can now access all the incredible tools and content included with your account on a bigger screen over at DeerCast.com. Fan Shares have been a favorite in the DeerCast community. With this release, instead of one or two user submissions per day, we’re opening up and entire feed of nothing but Fan Share photos and videos. The odds are very good that what you upload, you, your friends, and the rest of DeerCast will also get to enjoy! Ratings and Reviews 4.0 out of 5 679 Ratings 679 Ratings Big TTj , 09/14/2018 So far, so so. If may be premature to rate this since the season is only a couple weeks old. One thing that bugs me is the light grey fonts on white background. Not enough contrast for my 45 year old eyes. The other issue is more of an issue with wunderground. I’ve been using their website for years at work. The last couple of years I have found their service to be very inaccurate, especially their weather history since it will pull historical data from weather stations that may be 60 plus miles away. The accuracy of the DeerCast remains to be seen as the season is just beginning. History liker , 10/20/2018 Glitchy, but highly recommended I just got this app. I installed it, set my location and then tried to watch some videos. For example, I tried watching the video about Mark’s rut hunting. First the video had no sound. I saw on these reviews that I have to have my ringer on. (Which is a major issue for me when hunting) So in the process of trying to watch a video and finding out how to get sound, the app crashed twice. It seems like every time I exit out of a video, the app crashes. The app is definitely something that I would probably pay for if it worked correctly. There just seems to be a lot of glitches in it. Now, I understand that in the process of developing and releasing apps there is a matter of testing and updating it to remove the glitches. Getting the bugs worked out so to say. That is why I am giving it 5 stars. I see it all the time, a company releases an app, a bunch of people get the app and try it out. They realize that it does not work perfectly (although it is free and they lost nothing except a little time) and they proceed to give it terrible reviews. Then the company updates and fixes all of the issues in the app and the app gets running very smooth. Those negative reviewers never update their review so it looks like the app has a bunch of negative reviews. So the company updates and improves the app and the negative people never update their reviews. If you ask me, sounds like the negative reviewers are the ones who should be defending their review. Developer Response , Sorry about those crashes! This is one we haven't heard much of and would like to know more. Will you shoot us an email at support@deercast.com so we can dig in a little more? And more updates are on the way! F_i_S , 09/25/2019 Worth the scratch I downloaded deercast in 2018 when they were offering all the features for free and was kind of skeptical about a potential pay model since some of my apps want A LOT of money for their service. In spite of that I found myself checking it every day, several hours of the day, leading up to hunts. The predictions were really close to actual results. I would say around 75-80% of the time. There’s a certain joy that comes with predicting whitetail movement with pics and deer sign, but this app takes a ton of guesswork out of things when you only have a few times to hunt during the season. I found myself getting itchy to check it constantly leading up to this season and took a chance on the $20 package and man was I floored! They didn’t drag a few $$ out of me to get sucked into the same old service, they actually upped the game. they have the option to customize the deercast to my stand and blind locations, added a 10-day view option, and added a whole section about tracking deer after the shot with like every imaginable scenario! Trying to mix a passion for hunting with the pressures and time constraints of every-day life is hard enough as it is, and I need my break from reality! There are so many apps charging big $$ just to help me “organize” my hunting location... which is all well and good, but Deercast has taken a lot of additional pressure off the actual hunt and for me that’s totally worth the scratch. Information Seller Drury Marketing, Inc. Size 38.1 MB Category Weather Compatibility Requires iOS 9.0 or later. Compatible with iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch. Languages English Age Rating 12+ Infrequent/Mild Realistic Violence Copyright © 2019 Drury Marketing, Inc. Price Free In-App Purchases DeerCast Pro $9.99 DeerCast Elite $19.99 Developer Website App Support Privacy Policy Developer Website App Support Privacy Policy Supports Family Sharing With Family Sharing set up, up to six family members can use this app. You May Also Like See All Hunting Calendar LT, best hunting times Weather Fishing Calendar, Solunar Weather Best Hunting Times Weather Weather Underground Weather Rivercast Weather ScoutLook: Best Hunting App Weather More ways to shop: Visit an Apple Store, call 1-800-MY-APPLE, or find a reseller. Choose your country or region Copyright © 2019 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map