‎Dark Sky Weather on the App Store Global Nav Open Menu Global Nav Close Menu Apple Shopping Bag Search apple.com Cancel Apple Mac iPad iPhone Watch TV Music Support Shopping Bag Cancel App Store Preview This app is available only on the App Store for iPhone and iPad. Dark Sky Weather 4+ Jackadam #2 in Weather 4.4, 41.9K Ratings $3.99 Screenshots iPhone iPad Apple Watch Description Dark Sky is the most accurate source of hyperlocal weather information. With down-to-the-minute forecasts, you’ll know exactly when the rain will start or stop, right where you’re standing. (It’s like magic.) Featured in: New York Times, Wall Street Journal, Fast Company, Wired, and more. YOUR WEATHER, DOWN TO THE MINUTE Dark Sky is able to create forecasts for your precise location, giving you minute-by-minute predictions for the next hour and hour-by-hour forecasts for the next day and week. BEAUTIFUL WEATHER ANIMATIONS The same technology that powers Dark Sky’s predictions also allows us to make the world’s first perfectly smooth radar animation. Other apps show you a chunky slideshow that makes it nearly impossible to tell how storms are moving. But Dark Sky’s radar animation lets you see the actual path of the storm: how it moved in the past, and where it’s going in the future. PUSH NOTIFICATIONS Dark Sky comes with advanced notification options: Receive down-to-the-minute alerts before it starts raining at your exact location, get notified of government severe weather alerts (for such things as thunderstorms, flooding, hurricanes, etc.), or even create your own custom notifications covering the next 24 hours for things like temperature, wind, precipitation and more. Even if you haven’t opened the app in days, Dark Sky will tell you what you need to know, when you need to know it. TODAY WIDGET The Dark Sky Notification Center Widget tells you at a glance what’s going to happen in the next hour and the next week, so you don’t even have to unlock your phone to quickly check the weather before heading out. TIME MACHINE Explore weather in the past or future. Choose a date and see historical weather data or future predictions based off of seasonal averages. APPLE WATCH Dark Sky looks great on your wrist. Get notifications and check out the weather for the next week with the Dark Sky app built from scratch for Apple Watch. What’s New Version History Nov 26, 2019 Version 6.7.5 - Improved contact flow for support emails. - Improved FAQ screen. - General improvements and fixes. Ratings and Reviews 4.4 out of 5 41.9K Ratings 41.9K Ratings Editors’ Choice Being able to track atmospheric pressure to the nearest millibar sounds impressive and all, but sometimes you just want to know if it’s going to rain. Dark Sky tells you exactly how much precipitation to expect and when to expect it, as well as offering cool customizable weather alerts and a mesmerizing time-lapse view of local cloud movements that’s almost as much fun as splashing in puddles. Bklyn008 , 09/17/2018 Great for weather, awful on the eyes. I’ve been using Dark Sky for quite a while and have depended on its accuracy and reliability when I want to know what it’s like outside. But with the last big update, I now find that checking the weather with this app is totally unpleasant. The microscopic fonts, weird little balls with tiny numbers in them that I assume are supposed to indicate data by their position on a horizontal line is not not only esthetically displeasing, it takes more time to figure out what’s going on and what I’m looking for. I don’t want to spend more than a minute to quickly see what the temperature is and if it’s going to rain or now and when. But the visuals are so cumbersome that I find myself getting annoyed every time I open it. Don’t they have any graphic designers that could help with this? I tried downloading various other weather apps and even used the Apple weather app for a while because it’s easy to read. But I admit I trust Dark Sky’s accuracy more than anyone else’s. If they could find someone to redesign it, get rid of those silly black bubbles and wasted white space and make it easy on the eyes I would give it five stars for sure. Fingers crossed someone is listening... qazwe32 , 08/19/2019 Hands Down best weather app I don’t write reviews a lot but this one is soo good I had to. Let’s start off by saying it is worth paying 3.99 dollars on this one the first thing that made me get this app is the accuracy it’s 80 to 85 percent accurate Number 2 is the design I like that there’s a simple but intuitive chart that covers the next 24 hours and I thought it was per 2 hours and going to be a minus but before when I did not have the app yet you made an update where if you press the next 24 hours graph each hour will appear that’s very cool Number 3 Reason is the the layout I like that it’s not cluttered and very readable Last Reason is there are no adds and protects your privacy which is #1 Reason why I got this app. Thank you 😀 and I hope you don’t take off the features while still improving the app. I forgot to mention the maps, notifications, and reporting the weather. The maps are there for you to understand the current weather other maps confuse you all the time. The Notifications are extremely helpful as no weather will catch you off guard I got notified of today’s forecast as I enabled notifications it said possible drizzle this evening which I like. The Report feature is cool because you make the accurate forecasts even better. Thank you again 😀😀 Editors’ Choice Being able to track atmospheric pressure to the nearest millibar sounds impressive and all, but sometimes you just want to know if it’s going to rain. Dark Sky tells you exactly how much precipitation to expect and when to expect it, as well as offering cool customizable weather alerts and a mesmerizing time-lapse view of local cloud movements that’s almost as much fun as splashing in puddles. Information Seller jackadam Size 58.7 MB Category Weather Compatibility Requires iOS 10.3 and watchOS 3.2 or later. Compatible with iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch. Languages English Age Rating 4+ Location This app may use your location even when it isn't open, which can decrease battery life. Copyright © 2018 The Dark Sky Company, LLC Price $3.99 Developer Website App Support License Agreement Privacy Policy Developer Website App Support License Agreement Privacy Policy Supports Family Sharing With Family Sharing set up, up to six family members can use this app. You May Also Like See All WeatherBug – Weather Forecast Weather AccuWeather: Weather Radar Weather MyRadar Weather Radar Weather Weather Underground Weather Tides Near Me Weather NOAA Radar Pro: Weather Alerts Weather More ways to shop: Visit an Apple Store, call 1-800-MY-APPLE, or find a reseller. Choose your country or region Copyright © 2019 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map