‎Digital Thermometer app on the App Store Global Nav Open Menu Global Nav Close Menu Apple Shopping Bag Search apple.com Cancel Apple Mac iPad iPhone Watch TV Music Support Shopping Bag Cancel App Store Preview This app is available only on the App Store for iPhone and iPad. Digital Thermometer app 4+ Measure,temperature&weather Amber Mobile Limited #18 in Weather 3.7, 824 Ratings Free Offers In-App Purchases Screenshots iPhone iPad Description Want to get accurate temperature index at a glance? This digital thermometer can turn your phone into a real-time temperature checker with ambient inside temperature and feels like body temperature. What's more, now we support connecting our digital thermometer app with an external Bluetooth thermometer device, which provides you with accurate in-room temperature data. Time to live a cozy life! You can use this Bluetooth thermometer to check the history records of in-room temperature and humidity, monitoring accurate data easily. ==Features== —— This measure app offers real-time indoor temperature information. Automatically shows the temperature of your location and in room temperature. —— This measure app automatically displays temperature and feels like of your current location —— This measure app also supports Fahrenheit and Celsius selection —— This measure app has realistic design style, simple and elegant interface —— This measure app also offers super cool thermometer styles for you to choose -An ambient temperature thermometer for cities worldwide: this live thermometer app is not only a weather detector app for your own location, but also a global accurate weather tracker that you can search world weather and temperature. You can check weather globally like Los Angeles, New York, Chicago, Las Vegas, Hawaii, Sydney, Perth, Amsterdam, Tokyo, Ottawa, Toronto, etc. Try this digital thermometer and updated bluetooth connection function! If you would like to help us localize the app, please contact us: support@amberweather.com What’s New Version History May 24, 2019 Version V1.2.6 - view optimization Ratings and Reviews 3.7 out of 5 824 Ratings 824 Ratings Ruben_C , 01/25/2018 Same as the Weather Apps, but smaller Smaller app than TWC and the one included with the iOS, so more practical and easier on the phone’s resources. Haven’t got any glitches so far, can’t say the same with TWC which can’t handle iOS 11 too well. This one hasn’t had any issues. And changing predetermined cities is as easy as a finger swap of the screen. Rev Jim D , 11/21/2017 Not impressed... When I first downloaded this app it seemed to be doing what it said it did but I couldn't figure out how it was able to tell the temperature when my iPhone didn't have any capability to measure temperature. Then I realized that it's just tapping into the local weather forecast and displaying the current temperature. I also noticed that it had an option to give you the temperature "where you are now". I gave it a try and it brought up the current temperature for Los Angels as well displaying a not very detailed map of the LA area. That part was pretty cool except for the fact that I was in Chester, Maryland, which is in the opposite coast and about 2,200 mikes from L.A. As soon as I finish writing this review I'm deleting the app. Jacosr , 02/04/2018 So far it is good So far this app appears to be working. I’ll write another review after a week of use. I purchased the “Thermometer & Temperature” app, it stopped working after I paid for it. I downloaded this app with optimistic hope that I will have a better and pleasant experience. Information Seller Amber Mobile Limited Size 126.2 MB Category Weather Compatibility Requires iOS 9.0 or later. Compatible with iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch. Languages English, French, German, Indonesian, Italian, Japanese, Korean, Portuguese, Russian, Simplified Chinese, Spanish, Thai, Traditional Chinese, Turkish, Vietnamese Age Rating 4+ Copyright © 2015-2019 Amber Mobile Limited Price Free In-App Purchases Remove Ads $0.99 Developer Website App Support Privacy Policy Developer Website App Support Privacy Policy Supports Family Sharing With Family Sharing set up, up to six family members can use this app. More By This Developer See All Amber Weather AQI Forecast Weather Weather Radar - live satellite Weather Thermometer&Temperature app Weather Weather Camera Sticker-Photo & picture watermark Weather Hygrometer Assistant Weather Air quality -AQI PM2.5 Checker Weather You May Also Like See All @Thermometer Weather Free Digital Temperature Weather HD Thermometer ⊎ Weather Thermometer++. Weather Thermometer and Hygrometer Weather Thermometer-Simple thermometer Weather More ways to shop: Visit an Apple Store, call 1-800-MY-APPLE, or find a reseller. Choose your country or region Copyright © 2019 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map