‎EPA AIRNow on the App Store Global Nav Open Menu Global Nav Close Menu Apple Shopping Bag Search apple.com Cancel Apple Mac iPad iPhone Watch TV Music Support Shopping Bag Cancel App Store Preview This app is available only on the App Store for iPhone and iPad. EPA AIRNow 4+ United States Environmental Protection Agency (USEPA) 2.3, 115 Ratings Free Screenshots iPhone iPad Description The AIRNow iPhone application will provide an increasingly mobile public with real-time air quality information that people can use to protect their health when planning their daily activities The app will allow users to get location-specific reports on current air quality and air quality forecasts for both ozone and fine particle pollution (PM2.5). Air quality maps from the AIRNow website provide visual depictions of current and forecast air quality nationwide, and a page on air quality-related health effects explains what actions people can take to protect their health at different AQI levels, such as “code orange.” What’s New Version History Oct 12, 2017 Version 1.2.1 Bug fixes cleaned up the display Ratings and Reviews 2.3 out of 5 115 Ratings 115 Ratings itslisa , 04/18/2013 AirNow Air Quality App. When I downloaded this, ~ 6-1-12, it worked great! Lived it! Told all my friends about it! Used it every day until about mid-Jan. 2013 when it completely quit working. Tried reinstalling the app. To no avail. I have lung disease that is made much worse by high levels of particulate matter in the air. It's a hassle to have to go to the web site, look up Tulsa, read through the data to find out what I could get in less than a minute on the iOS app. :-(((( Please fix what is wrong PLEASE!!! I love the website! Use it for deeper info, research etc. I NEED THE APP TO WORK! Thanks. mis understood , 09/05/2017 Grossly inaccurate app As this review is being written, the sun is bright red, the air is as dark as during the solar eclipse in western Washington. This area is being hit hard by wildfire smoke from every which direction. It reeks of smoke/creosote/cooked cheese weenies. EVERYTHING is coated in a fine and coarse extremely visible ash. The air/sky is a thick dark smokers' yellow color, and this app says only 'moderately' bad air quality for the area- and that tomorrow is suppose to be 'good'. To boot, it's suppose to be at 90 today- and probably will be. We aren't expecting some kind of rain or wind change for two more days. If you run your fans or a/c, your units will get clogged with ash. I have asthma- trust me- this app is absolutely not to be trusted. I'd rate zero stars if possible. iPaaaad , 03/04/2015 Needs an update I'm really glad this app exists, it serves as a valuable resource for those wishing to limit their exposure to particulates and other pollution in the United States when exercising outdoors. That said, the app is really out of date, and wasn't really the best designed app to begin with; it could really use an update and a bit of love. I hope the EPA looks at these reviews and actually does something about this app to improve it. Information Seller Environmental Protection Agency Size 4.6 MB Category Weather Compatibility Requires iOS 10.3 or later. Compatible with iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch. Languages English Age Rating 4+ Copyright © United States Environmental Protection Agency (USEPA) Price Free App Support App Support Supports Family Sharing With Family Sharing set up, up to six family members can use this app. More By This Developer See All EPA's SunWise UV Index Weather EPA Indoor airPLUS Utilities EPA Indoor Air Quality Schools Utilities bloomWatch Utilities EPA HiveScience Lifestyle EPA Response On The Go Utilities You May Also Like See All EF Scale Weather Spare the Air Bay Area Weather My Meteo Weather Sailing Weather Weather Smog Report Weather Air Quality App - BreezoMeter Weather More ways to shop: Visit an Apple Store, call 1-800-MY-APPLE, or find a reseller. Choose your country or region Copyright © 2019 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map