‎Fox 2 St Louis Weather on the App Store Global Nav Open Menu Global Nav Close Menu Apple Shopping Bag Search apple.com Cancel Apple Mac iPad iPhone Watch TV Music Support Shopping Bag Cancel App Store Preview This app is available only on the App Store for iPhone and iPad. Fox 2 St Louis Weather 4+ Tribune Broadcasting Company 2.9, 33 Ratings Free Screenshots iPhone iPad Description The KTVI Mobile Weather App includes: * Access to station content specifically for our mobile users * 250 meter radar, the highest resolution available * Future radar to see where severe weather is headed * High resolution satellite cloud imagery * Current weather updated multiple times per hour * Daily and Hourly forecasts updated hourly from our computer models * Ability to add and save your favorite locations * A fully integrated GPS for current location awareness * Severe weather alerts from the National Weather Service * Opt-in push alerts to keep you safe in severe weather What’s New Version History Nov 11, 2019 Version 4.10.1602 * performance improvements Ratings and Reviews 2.9 out of 5 33 Ratings 33 Ratings tab1075 , 11/12/2019 App data rarely matches Fox 2 local The new update has shrunk the giant ad banner down to a more reasonable size. I have been using the KMOV channel 4 weather app ever since this one brought about the giant ad banner. The KMOV app includes a lot of things I don’t need in my weather app. Things like weather closings, live streaming, web cams, etc. But I’m going to stick with it for a while to see if I like it better. My biggest complaint about the Fox 2 weather app over the years has always been that the weather data they pull for the app in no way matches the weather forecast coming from Fox 2. Oftentimes being very different from one another. The whole point of downloading a local weather app from a local broadcast station is to get that same information on the go, 24/7. I want the same information that comes from our local weathermen who are in the area and know the local climate. I’ll continue to use the KMOV weather app to see if their app data is more in line with their local forecasts. UnkNickName19 , 11/11/2019 Not compatible with iPhone XR This has been my only go-to weather app for years, even the past 2.5 years that I have been living 3.5 hours away from St. Louis. But I just got a new phone and now most of the app features are not accessible. The drop down choices for radar map, hourly forecast, etc is not visible or accessible. The app ads are at the top of the view and covering the app menu options. UNFORTUNATELY I'LL HAVE TO FIND ANOTHER APP THAT WORKS WITH MY iPhone XR and has the RADAR option. Ayden Young On YouTube , 06/17/2019 Weather Coverage You Can Count On I’ve never had a problem with the FOX 2 weather app, it does not have all of the features that the KMOV app has though. In future updates, you may want to consider adding in some of the graphics that they actually use on the air, like KMOV. I love the FOX 2 weather team, and that’s why I’m giving the app 5 stars, but there is a lot of room for more features. Information Seller TRIBUNE BROADCASTING COMPANY INC Size 79 MB Category Weather Compatibility Requires iOS 11.0 or later. Compatible with iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch. Languages English, Spanish Age Rating 4+ Copyright © The Weather Company Price Free Developer Website App Support Privacy Policy Developer Website App Support Privacy Policy Supports Family Sharing With Family Sharing set up, up to six family members can use this app. More By This Developer See All Pinpoint Weather - KDVR & KWGN Weather FOX8 Cleveland Weather Weather Fox8 Max Weather Weather 5 NEWS Weather Weather WNEP Stormtracker 16 Weather Weather News 3 - First Warning Weather Weather You May Also Like See All WPSD Radar Weather KSDK Weather Weather KMOV Weather - St. Louis Weather KFVS12 StormTeam Weather Weather FOX 2 Weather – Radar & Alerts Weather WHAM WX Weather More ways to shop: Visit an Apple Store, call 1-800-MY-APPLE, or find a reseller. Choose your country or region Copyright © 2019 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map