‎First Alert Weather on the App Store Global Nav Open Menu Global Nav Close Menu Apple Shopping Bag Search apple.com Cancel Apple Mac iPad iPhone Watch TV Music Support Shopping Bag Cancel App Store Preview This app is available only on the App Store for iPhone and iPad. First Alert Weather 4+ Raycom Media Inc #123 in Weather 3.2, 65 Ratings Free Screenshots iPhone iPad Description The WLBT Mobile Weather App includes: * Access to station content specifically for our mobile users * 250 meter radar, the highest resolution available * Future radar to see where severe weather is headed * High resolution satellite cloud imagery * Current weather updated multiple times per hour * Daily and Hourly forecasts updated hourly from our computer models * Ability to add and save your favorite locations * A fully integrated GPS for current location awareness * Severe weather alerts from the National Weather Service * Opt-in push alerts to keep you safe in severe weather What’s New Version History Nov 2, 2019 Version 4.10.1601 * performance improvements Ratings and Reviews 3.2 out of 5 65 Ratings 65 Ratings Megn 9 , 04/25/2018 Current weather not on update Since the newest update I’m no longer able to view the current weather forecast debbies iphone , 05/19/2019 Hard to read and ver disappointed. I use this app several times a day, more if weather is bad. The hourly and daily forecast now being black and white plus the layout makes it too difficult to read. I hate the radar image also. I used to be able to see the county outlines but can’t now. I guess this was an update but please either change this back or redesign. May have to start using the “weather “ app which I’ve never used as much as this one. So disappointed. Jmac9333 , 11/24/2018 Loving the latest update. One of my most used apps and one of my oldest apps. I’ve used it across multiple platforms and it’s awesome every single time. The latest update to the radar is perfect. I had the same idea years ago, guess I should’ve sent it to you. (The expand option) Wish I could give you 8 or 9 stars. Information Seller Raycom Media, Inc Size 88.9 MB Category Weather Compatibility Requires iOS 11.0 or later. Compatible with iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch. Languages English, Spanish Age Rating 4+ Copyright © The Weather Company Price Free Developer Website App Support Privacy Policy Developer Website App Support Privacy Policy Supports Family Sharing With Family Sharing set up, up to six family members can use this app. More By This Developer See All WIS News 10 FirstAlert Weather Weather FOX19 First Alert Weather Weather 14FirstAlert Weather TriState Weather WAFB First Alert Weather Weather WECT 6 First Alert Weather Weather WTOC First Alert Radar Weather You May Also Like See All 3340 Weather Weather ABC7 WWSB First Alert Weather Weather WTOL First Alert Weather Weather Local Weather Radar & Forecast Weather WJTV Weather Weather LiveAlert 19 Huntsville WX Weather More ways to shop: Visit an Apple Store, call 1-800-MY-APPLE, or find a reseller. Choose your country or region Copyright © 2019 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map