‎HuffPost - News & Politics on the App Store Global Nav Open Menu Global Nav Close Menu Apple Shopping Bag Search apple.com Cancel Apple Mac iPad iPhone Watch TV Music Support Shopping Bag Cancel App Store Preview This app is available only on the App Store for iPhone and iPad. HuffPost - News & Politics 12+ HuffPost.com HuffPost #141 in News 4.6, 18K Ratings Free Offers In-App Purchases Screenshots iPhone iPad Description HuffPost is a Pulitzer Prize-winning digital source of news. We report with empathy and put people at the heart of every story, whether it's about news, politics, lifestyle or entertainment. We believe news is personal and real life is news. If something matters to our readers, it matters to us. • Stay informed with breaking news alerts and top story digests. • Browse articles, videos, podcasts and interactive content about a diverse range of topics and perspectives • Hear from voices that are not always part of the conversation • Enjoy all of HuffPost's editions in one app. (HuffPost is truly both global and local, with locally staffed newsrooms and editions around the world.) What’s New Version History Nov 18, 2019 Version 24.0.0 Bug fixes and performance improvements. Ratings and Reviews 4.6 out of 5 18K Ratings 18K Ratings Primocoach , 08/17/2018 Buggy and Frustrating This is the first app I open to check political news every day. But it is HuffPost that make me choose it first—NOT the performance of the app. No matter the number of updates, I have given up on having a pleasant experience with this app. It is always buggy; open an article and sit and wait for it to load, then wait again to move down the page. Be carful when scrolling, because there are so many links you will find it difficult to find a place to scroll from without being taken to another page because you touched a link. Oh yeah—those respond really fast, unlike the link to the article you wanted to read. Once you have touched that link mistakenly, you are in for a real treat—waiting and waiting and waiting for it to load so you can hit the “back” button and wait some more. More often than not, the back button is so unresponsive that it takes several times to get it to work, and since it has now caught up, it takes you back to the home page of the app, where you get to start all over! I generally end up giving up at that point and going somewhere else. Too bad, but since I really like HuffPost political news, I will stupidly try again later. Or maybe I will find another app that doesn’t frustrate me nearly every time I use it. idontwantanicknametoreview , 10/27/2019 Sheer frustration ** update 10/26 Updated app today- links don’t appear to be sensitive anymore. Thanks for the fix. Back to 5 stars unless change happens This is pretty ridiculous at this point. I understand the updates to IOS can mess with an app- but this is a completely useless app at this point. And the fact that such a large company has not fixed this is getting to the point where I’m not willing to use the app anymore. I changed my touch accommodations- adding more and more and more time to the touch duration, messing with the settings and you know what it fixed? Nothing. Literally nothing. And no other app on my phone does anything like this. Literally none. Fix the app. Honestly there just isn’t an excuse to blame the IOS and tell people to change their settings when it’s only happening to THIS app. Super disappointed. No need to copy and paste your answer to everyone else here. I don’t need your IRONICALLY unlinkable links about settings you guys keep copying and pasting. Face palm to this entire thing. Developer Response , Thanks for letting us know. St Willys , 09/16/2018 I Love the Huff The Huff Post delivers the latest news coming out of Washington and or the world. The material is well researched, truthful, and comprehensive. I wake up and the Huff is the first thing I read, then I read my local newspaper, which sadly is like snail mail to email. I love the news stories and the opinions as it gives me perspectives I never thought about. I really enjoy being connected via the Huff Post. I receive the web site quickly, and clearly. I am able too navigate the site with either a tap or a swipe. I fully recommend this site for all your latest news stories, especially when calling out all the crooked politicians. They know who they are after the Huff reports on them. Information Seller The Huffington Post Size 64.1 MB Category News Compatibility Requires iOS 11.0 or later. Compatible with iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch. Languages English, Arabic, Bengali, Bulgarian, Catalan, Croatian, Czech, Danish, Dutch, Estonian, Filipino, Finnish, French, German, Greek, Gujarati, Hebrew, Hindi, Hungarian, Indonesian, Irish, Italian, Japanese, Kannada, Korean, Latvian, Lithuanian, Malay, Malayalam, Marathi, Norwegian Bokmål, Polish, Portuguese, Romanian, Russian, Serbian, Simplified Chinese, Slovak, Slovenian, Spanish, Swedish, Tamil, Telugu, Thai, Traditional Chinese, Turkish, Ukrainian, Urdu, Vietnamese Age Rating 12+ Infrequent/Mild Alcohol, Tobacco, or Drug Use or References Infrequent/Mild Sexual Content and Nudity Infrequent/Mild Profanity or Crude Humor Infrequent/Mild Medical/Treatment Information Infrequent/Mild Mature/Suggestive Themes Copyright © 2019 HuffPost Price Free In-App Purchases Monthly Premium Subscription $5.99 HuffPost Plus - Annual $99.99 Developer Website App Support License Agreement Privacy Policy Developer Website App Support License Agreement Privacy Policy Supports Family Sharing With Family Sharing set up, up to six family members can use this app. You May Also Like See All NBC News: Breaking & US News News NPR News Washington Post News POLITICO News AP News News MSNBC News More ways to shop: Visit an Apple Store, call 1-800-MY-APPLE, or find a reseller. Choose your country or region Copyright © 2019 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map