‎Hygrometer -Check the humidity on the App Store Global Nav Open Menu Global Nav Close Menu Apple Shopping Bag Search apple.com Cancel Apple Mac iPad iPhone Watch TV Music Support Shopping Bag Cancel App Store Preview This app is available only on the App Store for iPhone and iPad. Hygrometer -Check the humidity 4+ Check the humidity KYU TAE PARK #98 in Weather 4.6, 1.3K Ratings Free Screenshots iPhone iPad Apple Watch Description Check your humidity! Feel the design of analog sensibility everyday. This 'Hygrometer' app will tell you the outside humidity at your current location. - 'Easy to read' Design - Universal app (iPhone/iPad) - Support Apple Watch if you need help please contact us at goodte@me.com and give us a chance to help you.  If you enjoy the app, don’t forget to give us a review on the App store.  Enjoy the app! What’s New Version History Oct 29, 2019 Version 2.4 - iOS 13 update and some minor bug fixes Ratings and Reviews 4.6 out of 5 1.3K Ratings 1.3K Ratings Goon master flex , 09/10/2016 Simple to use Very easy to use, click and in seconds the humidity is presented in easy to read numbers. Ads are small and don't intrude. No problems in the several months I've used the app. Would be nicer if reading was displayed on the icon, but for free you really can't ask for more. Use it every day. NY SWANK , 09/27/2016 Simple and excellent !! I have injuries that flare up bad with humidity, I also hate muggy weather :) ... this app is a simple and super fast way to monitor humidity, ux is a nice big speedometer style , like a dashboard widget; internet fool proof. It's free and the ads are not intrusive. Thanks 2 the devs great job... I hate rain and humidity :) , high recommend on this go to app!!! 5 ***** Completis , 08/10/2017 Great ap Very simple way to keep an eye on relative humidity which most weather apps don't bother with. When delivering wood products to new construction sites there is often wet conditions in the interior of the home. I recommend this ap to clients to monitor the RH so they know when to open the windows and let the moisture leave the house faster and less expensively than dehumidifiers and AC units. Information Seller KYU TAE PARK Size 26.9 MB Category Weather Compatibility Requires iOS 8.0 and watchOS 2.1 or later. Compatible with iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch. Languages English, Arabic, Armenian, Catalan, Czech, Danish, Dutch, Finnish, French, German, Greek, Hebrew, Hungarian, Indonesian, Italian, Japanese, Korean, Malay, Persian, Polish, Portuguese, Romanian, Russian, Simplified Chinese, Slovak, Spanish, Swedish, Thai, Traditional Chinese Age Rating 4+ Copyright © 2019 morethan apps. Price Free App Support Privacy Policy App Support Privacy Policy Supports Family Sharing With Family Sharing set up, up to six family members can use this app. More By This Developer See All Red Clock. Weather Thermo-hygrometer Weather Red Clock - Weather & Alarm Weather UVmeter - Check UV Index Weather You May Also Like See All Transparent Thermometer Weather 365 realTime outdoor hygro (hygrometer) Weather Hygrometer Free - Humidity Measure. Weather Humidity Weather Hygrometer Free - Relative Humidity Measure / Moisture Meter Weather Thermometer and Hygrometer Weather More ways to shop: Visit an Apple Store, call 1-800-MY-APPLE, or find a reseller. Choose your country or region Copyright © 2019 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map