‎Hurricane Tracker For iPad on the App Store Global Nav Open Menu Global Nav Close Menu Apple Shopping Bag Search apple.com Cancel Apple Mac iPad iPhone Watch TV Music Support Shopping Bag Cancel App Store Preview This app is available only on the App Store for iPhone and iPad. Hurricane Tracker For iPad 4+ EZ Apps, Inc. 4.8, 7.8K Ratings $2.99 Offers In-App Purchases iPad Screenshots Description 8 years of tracking storms on iOS! Debuted Aug 2009! Reviewed by CNN as the best Hurricane Tracking app available for iPhone GOOGLE: "cnn top hurricane app" to read the article! Hurricane Tracker for iPad is the most used & most comprehensive tracking app available on any platform. What makes Hurricane Tracker for iPad different from the others in the App Store: • Receive push alerts (by region) when a new storm forms or threatens landfall • 65+ maps/images • In-depth written discussions and analysis from our team • Real time National Hurricane Center Updates (All NHC advisories & maps) • Audio tropical updates • Storm video updates • Custom graphics from our team of experts. Exclusive “Alert Level” & “Impact Potential” maps. Not just basic NHC info. • Share information with friends/family via email, SMS, Facebook & Twitter • Super detailed tropical wave/invest information • Dozens of satellites • Much, much more! There is no other Hurricane tracking app out there that can match the amount of information you get-we guarantee it. Get the information you need to make informed decisions. Just look at our ratings for all versions over 8 years. 4.5 star average! We charge for our app because it’s not just an automated product, our team is constantly creating graphics & writing detailed discussions. This is our full time job - keeping you informed. Hurricane Tracker for iPad covers The Gulf of Mexico, Caribbean, Atlantic Ocean & Eastern Pacific. Our app also covers any storms that may affect Hawaii. WHAT ARE THEY SAYING: *Houston Press: "Finally, there is Hurricane Tracker. This app may have the best interface of the bunch, with a sliding set of navigation buttons at the bottom of the screen. This one, unlike either of the others, has audio and video updates" *Email from Customer Scott DeLacy: "With the new maps under Outlook, you have SURPASSED everyone else out there...Hurricane Tracker is now British Virgin Islands Airways' primary tropical data source, No one comes close." *Valued Customer Ray 007: "As good a review as you can give a service!" *Valued Customer Dale Gattis: "I've been using this and Hurricane for the last two years and I have really come to rely on this app exclusively. Excellent!" *iPhone/iPod Touch version of Hurricane Tracker is a separate fee. CONTACT US WITH ANY QUESTIONS: Web: www.hurrtracker.com Email: support@ezappsinc.com Twitter: @hurrtrackerapp (live, real time updates) *Hurricane Tracker is an extremely data intensive application. A WiFi or strong cellular signal is recommended for the best experience. What’s New Version History Sep 19, 2017 Version 5.0.2 - Compatibility with iOS 11 - Bug fixes & improved speed of the app - Added a video tutorial in the settings panel Ratings and Reviews 4.8 out of 5 7.8K Ratings 7.8K Ratings scubadubadog , 10/12/2019 Has kept us well-informed since Hurricane Irma I use this app daily during Florida hurricane season. I’ve downloaded it to both my iPad and Galaxy phone and it is absolutely the best. My wife has it on her iPhone and it works well there too. Tons of graphics that are updated several times a day. Whenever there is an update, you can allow your phone to sound an alert that sounds like a gust of wind. Awesome prediction graphs that combine multiple models to not only estimate storm path but also storm intensity. Thanks to the National Hurricane Center in combination with Hurricane Tracker, we were able to evacuate our home in Key Largo well in advance of Irma. I have recommended this app. to all of my friends. Ryan-in-Miami , 10/10/2018 Great info, awful app This app gets points for including the information that I need, and more. But the usability and visual design of the app itself are tragic. The storms that you want to follow are buried under “mystery meat navigation”, where you have to guess the storm’s current strength to be able to find it. Once you find it, the charts are also buried under mystery meat navigation. And they’re divided into three categories so that you’re forced to interact with the app to navigate forward and back, forward and back, just to see them all. Visual design is subjective and I don’t want to insult someone who obviously worked hard on it, but let’s just say that it’s the opposite of current minimalist, modernist design trends. These things start to really grate on your nerves when there is a storm near you and you need to check frequently for updates. If I could find an app with similar information and better usability then I would switch in a second. Still waiting 2013 , 09/12/2017 Not very helpful in Irma Our community just lived through Hurricane Irma -- we have much to be thankful for. And I used this app to help provide info about the hurricane quite intensely over the past two weeks. But when I needed it the most the past five days, it became difficult! Once I went into the app to check out anything, I could not get back out to the home page to explore other items/features. The only thing I could do want totally shut my iPad down for a re-boot, and then open the app again -- and it would work until I left the home page to check out some details, and then I would have to do it all over again. I finally had to ignore this app and use others to cobble together the info I needed to manage a sizeable community of persons impacted by this hurricane. FYI -- I use this app on my iPhone SE and the latest iPad Pro 12.9. I loved this app ... so sorry to have to write this review but it didn't work at all. Thank you. Developer Response , Thanks for your message. At the Time of this review there was a bug in the app which caused your issue. This bug was addressed and is no longer an issue. Please consider updating your review since the app did work well outside of the period we had thus bug. Thanks for your support of Hurricane Tracker. Information Seller EZ Apps, Inc. Size 25.6 MB Category Weather Compatibility Requires iOS 9.0 or later. Compatible with iPad. Languages English Age Rating 4+ Copyright © 2018 EZ Apps, Inc. Price $2.99 In-App Purchases Category 1 Contribution $0.99 Category 2 Contribution $1.99 Category 3 Contribution $3.99 more Developer Website App Support Developer Website App Support Supports Family Sharing With Family Sharing set up, up to six family members can use this app. More By This Developer See All Hurricane Tracker Weather You May Also Like See All WeatherBug Elite Weather NOAA Hurricane Center HD Weather NOAA SuperRes Radar US Weather Hurricane Tracker By HurricaneSoftware.com's - iHurricane Free Weather NOAA Radar & Hurricane Lite Weather My Hurricane Tracker Pro Weather More ways to shop: Visit an Apple Store, call 1-800-MY-APPLE, or find a reseller. Choose your country or region Copyright © 2019 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map