‎Issuu - Discover Stories on the App Store Global Nav Open Menu Global Nav Close Menu Apple Shopping Bag Search apple.com Cancel Apple Mac iPad iPhone Watch TV Music Support Shopping Bag Cancel App Store Preview This app is available only on the App Store for iPhone and iPad. Issuu - Discover Stories 17+ Bring content to life Issuu 4.7, 1.7K Ratings Free Screenshots iPhone iPad Description Create and discover the best mobile Stories and digital content right on the Issuu App. The Issuu Story Cloud offers a suite of publishing tools to create Stories and full-length publications for social and mobile in an immersive reading experience. CREATE STORIES Issuu is the storytelling platform and the first-ever integrated Issuu Story Cloud for creators, marketers, editors and businesses. Now you can create mobile Stories on the Issuu app straight from your uploaded content. With just a few clicks you can build, preview and share Stories on Instagram and publish in the AMP format to broaden your audience and tap into the power of mobile Stories—today’s hottest content format. Download the Issuu App to create Stories or read Stories. Issuu Story Cloud tools include: Share Stories to Instagram Select Story Style Build Stories from text + photo content Preview Visual Stories in app Add animations Generate a video for each page of content for easy sharing on your social networks Publish in AMP format on amp.issuu.com Save videos to phone DISCOVER THE BEST STORYTELLING Discover, read and share the most exciting and unique storytelling available. Read Stories and full-length magazines, catalogs, ebooks, and more from major brands, independent publishers and the next generation of creators in fashion, music, art and more on Issuu. Twitter: https://www.twitter.com/issuu Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/issuu Google+: https://plus.google.com/+issuu YouTube: https://www.youtube.com/issuu Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/issuu/ What’s New Version History Nov 18, 2019 Version 2.37.0 Bug fixes and various improvements. We are always working to make the app faster and more stable. If you are enjoying the app, please consider leaving a review or rating for us. Ratings and Reviews 4.7 out of 5 1.7K Ratings 1.7K Ratings Mise en Abyme Magazine , 08/24/2018 Great features for Independents! They have a feature where you can share apart of your editorial onto your instagram story. It's very easy to edit and translate into an easy mobile read. You can also post updates for your subscribers that use the app, giving people and incentive to read your online version on this platform. (The posts can be exclusive updates) But my favorite thing is probably the printing option! You can order Matte or gloss full color prints of your publication from issuu at just one or in bulk. The prices have been better than any of the printers I've gone too locally. (Actually not sure if this option is available through the app) Cajun Bella , 07/28/2019 Altruistic is Not Issuu I’m discouraged by Issuu’s unwillingness to provide non-profits with an affordable option to publish all of their life-changing stories so worthy of being told. Most technology software companies are happy to do so, because it’s technology and doesn’t affect the company’s bottom line. Supporting non-profits in that way is their way of giving back to the community while also helping the non-profit connect to the people most passionate about their work. At $35 per month with the annual subscription discount, there are too many children to feed, debilitating diseases to cure, homeless veterans to shelter, etc. for a non-profit to conscientiously put $35 of their donor’s dollars each month into the hands of Issuu. Issuu, a company that thinks that annual subscription discount and charging for features of convenience (rather than performance) should suffice for non-profit needs. They feel so strongly about not supporting non-profits, they had to make a FAQ saying No we don’t provide a discount. I’d look into Salesforce’s charitable giving model. I don’t think it’s a coincidence why they, Facebook or Google have had such great success. Charitable causes connects people, creates respect, affinity and trust. Thanks anyway Issuu. Good luck to you! justfortherecord , 10/09/2018 Excellent resource on astounding range of subjects. Some texts are teasers, and that’s O.K., like a movie trailer. Other documents are comprehensive; hundreds of pages. If I can offer a suggestion; maybe I just having discovered it yet. I’d like to sort, categorize, or prioritize downloads. I’ll go searching and find a lot of material. Not stopping at the first find, I would then like to organize it for future reference. Maybe use a personal rating to sort? Information Seller Issuu Size 114.7 MB Category News Compatibility Requires iOS 9.3 or later. Compatible with iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch. Languages English Age Rating 17+ Infrequent/Mild Medical/Treatment Information Infrequent/Mild Sexual Content and Nudity Infrequent/Mild Simulated Gambling Infrequent/Mild Realistic Violence Infrequent/Mild Mature/Suggestive Themes Infrequent/Mild Profanity or Crude Humor Infrequent/Mild Alcohol, Tobacco, or Drug Use or References Infrequent/Mild Horror/Fear Themes Unrestricted Web Access Infrequent/Mild Cartoon or Fantasy Violence Copyright © 2014-15 Issuu Inc. Price Free Developer Website App Support Privacy Policy Developer Website App Support Privacy Policy Supports Family Sharing With Family Sharing set up, up to six family members can use this app. More By This Developer See All Issuu Generators Summit Business You May Also Like See All HuffPost - News & Politics News Pocket: Save. Read. Grow. News PressReader News Flipboard - Latest Stories News The Guardian: Breaking News News Podcast & Radio - iVoox News More ways to shop: Visit an Apple Store, call 1-800-MY-APPLE, or find a reseller. Choose your country or region Copyright © 2019 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map