‎KMOV Weather - St. Louis on the App Store Global Nav Open Menu Global Nav Close Menu Apple Shopping Bag Search apple.com Cancel Apple Mac iPad iPhone Watch TV Music Support Shopping Bag Cancel App Store Preview This app is available only on the App Store for iPhone and iPad. KMOV Weather - St. Louis 4+ KMOV-TV, Inc 4.7, 9.1K Ratings Free Screenshots iPhone iPad Description The KMOV Weather app places the power of the 4 Warn Weather Team in the palm of your hand with the latest storm and forecast information. The KMOV Weather app determines your location and delivers a detailed forecast, conditions and alert information to you wherever you are. Activate notifications and get alerts for breaking news the moment it happens. What’s New Version History Nov 5, 2019 Version 4.34.260049849 Squashed bugs, patched leaks, and improved performance throughout the app Ratings and Reviews 4.7 out of 5 9.1K Ratings 9.1K Ratings TwklizBlondavenger , 05/14/2019 Review It’s the only news, traffic and weather I watch. When I’m out of town to visit family in Michigan or Colorado, I’m totally lost on their news programs in just hunting through their programs to get what I need for the days. I have Channel 4 on every single morning while getting ready so I know what I’m in for while I’m driving to work, what the weather will be and generally what the overall news is. The folks at work tease me because I always know the weather report. I’m am a disaster crisis manager for a large firm here in St. Louis but has offices located all over the US so I feel the need to know what’s going on. You even let me know about weather disasters in other states. Oh my, when we have hurricanes, I’m all ears. Thank you so much for your up to date reporting not just while I get ready in the morning but your evening and nightly reports, which I also look forward to. If I can just stay awake at least for the weather with Steve. I’ve tried other local channels, just not impressed. Thank you. Keep up the good work! paigeneliubin , 05/29/2019 Family Afar Forewarned Thank you, KMOV! As a native St. Louisian, who has migrated to Los Angeles, it gives me great comfort to know your weather team is up to date and on the ball! I still have the majority of my family back in STL and thanks to KMOV phone alerts/app, I can stay atop of bad weather reports from afar. Many a tornado warning day I have spent texting my Mom as she was in her St. Charles basement surrounded by her critters. We could both view in real time, KMOVupdated radar and affected areas. A godsend, really! Thanks again for making STL tornado season more bearable from CA. -Laura Paige Mr. Papa Georgio , 03/04/2019 Best App of All Time! I do outdoor construction and also snow removal. This is the absolute best app for St. Louis Weather. It has everything you need all wrapped up in one spot. The best part... Forecasts, Radars, etc. are always kept up to date. Keep up the great work KMOV. You have set the standard for a wonderful weather app. And thank you Steve Templeton. You doing amazing job, detailing a forecast, that us guys that work outside can appreciate. Information Seller KMOV-TV, Inc Size 60.4 MB Category Weather Compatibility Requires iOS 11.0 or later. Compatible with iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch. Languages English, Spanish Age Rating 4+ Copyright © 2019 Naviga Price Free Developer Website App Support Privacy Policy Developer Website App Support Privacy Policy Supports Family Sharing With Family Sharing set up, up to six family members can use this app. More By This Developer See All KMOV News St. Louis News azfamily 3TV CBS 5 News BaseballStL St. Louis Baseball Sports KMOV Traffic News AZ Highways TV News Chicago Cubbie Tracker Sports You May Also Like See All KPLR News 11 St Louis Weather Weather Fox 2 St Louis Weather Weather KSDK Weather Weather KFVS12 StormTeam Weather Weather FOX 2 Weather – Radar & Alerts Weather CBS 21 WX Weather More ways to shop: Visit an Apple Store, call 1-800-MY-APPLE, or find a reseller. Choose your country or region Copyright © 2019 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map