‎KXAN Weather on the App Store Global Nav Open Menu Global Nav Close Menu Apple Shopping Bag Search apple.com Cancel Apple Mac iPad iPhone Watch TV Music Support Shopping Bag Cancel App Store Preview This app is available only on the App Store for iPhone and iPad. KXAN Weather 4+ LIN Television Corporation 2.7, 123 Ratings Free Screenshots iPhone iPad Description Never let the weather catch you by surprise again. The trusted weather experts at First Warning Weather deliver Austin and central Texas' most accurate hour-by-hour forecast for the next day and for the week ahead. Unlike other weather apps, you'll get a local forecast that is customized for you. Download the KXAN Weather app for fast, accurate local and national weather at your fingertips. With its personal alert notifications, you'll know when significant weather is heading your way and when to take cover. And when you are traveling, use KXAN Weather to get real-time weather forecasts, interactive radar and current conditions for anywhere in the U.S. The KXAN Weather app utilizes the most advanced radar maps, weather and digital technology available. With its easy to use interactive radar, you can take control and see where the storm is now and where it is tracking. Then, set customized alerts to keep you and your family informed and safe. Features: - Live interactive radar with many layering options lets you track the storms around you - Alerts for severe weather go to your home screen and cue an audio alert - The most accurate hour-by-hour forecast for the next day and week ahead for Austin and central Texas - The latest video forecast from First Warning Weather - Current weather conditions for Austin and central Texas and anywhere in the United States - Share the weather conditions via text message, email, Facebook or Twitter - You can set multiple custom locations to track forecasts, alerts, radar, and more - Weather blog from First Warning Weather What’s New Version History Oct 30, 2019 Version 4.10.1601 * performance improvements Ratings and Reviews 2.7 out of 5 123 Ratings 123 Ratings Penanns , 07/01/2019 I used to love this app What’s up with the super annoying pop up ads? Every time I launch the app now (as of June 2019) I get a pop up add, have to close it, then can use the menu/click on weather info. This is especially frustrating when there is bad weather and I have to close an ad first. Did I mention the “x” close feature doesn’t always work and I end up being transferred to the ad’s website? Needless to say, I’ve deleted this app. Maybe I’ll try it again in a few months. Samrochet , 06/06/2019 This WAS my favorite app... Love/hate has progressed to just hate with the new edition of (approx.) May 2019. The annoyance of the app not respecting the portrait/landscape current position (which it did at one time) just required a restart of the app. But the “new, improved” radar page is abominable, and will force me to move on. Where the prior iteration radar page showed clickable watch/warning areas only when the animation was stopped, this version shows non-clickable areas all the time, totally obscuring the radar data beneath them. Surely Jim Spencer had no say in that, since it renders the radar data useless. The underlying map data is ugly compared to before... and if you click on an alert for your area, it brings you to a radar view of the roof of your HOUSE... decidedly less useful than the neighborhood view of before, so you’ll be “pinching” the screen over and over to get a useable view. This is the equivalent of switching from Google Earth to Apple Maps in the early days. Raleigh , 08/27/2017 Negative 1 star is more like it I would be more than happy to pay money for a decent weather app. I have at least 20$ invested in weather radar pro. KXAN app is buggy and stops short of malware...for NOW. Adverts go way beyond annoying to near infuriating. Theres nothing worse than having video ads co-opting your ap when you're trying to see if there is a tornado about to wipe you out. Wake up KXAN. Just FYI. The free weather radar pro pulls all the local TV weather radars together plus noaa/faa/nhc/usgc warnings and updates. Free version contains minimal ads, 1000x less than KXAN ap, and at least gives you options to remove via nominal purchase. I have licensed the aviation weather layers which are perfect for pilots. All notams and faa conditions etc.. This is not an ad for WRP but I've been soooo frustrated with weather aps especially kxan. Information Seller LIN Television Corporation Size 69.4 MB Category Weather Compatibility Requires iOS 11.0 or later. Compatible with iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch. Languages English, Spanish Age Rating 4+ Copyright © The Weather Company Price Free App Support Privacy Policy App Support Privacy Policy Supports Family Sharing With Family Sharing set up, up to six family members can use this app. More By This Developer See All ABC27 News | WHTM-TV News KHON2 News - Honolulu HI News News KRON4 News - San Francisco News WAVY TV 10 - Norfolk, VA News News WIVB News 4 - Buffalo News WTNH News 8 News You May Also Like See All ZYRTEC® ALLERGYCAST® Weather FOX 4: DFW WAPP - Weather Weather CBS Austin WX Weather Frank’s Weather Forecast Weather KSAT 12 Weather Authority Weather Texas Storm Chasers Weather More ways to shop: Visit an Apple Store, call 1-800-MY-APPLE, or find a reseller. Choose your country or region Copyright © 2019 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map