‎Live Weather - Weather Radar & Forecast app on the App Store Global Nav Open Menu Global Nav Close Menu Apple Shopping Bag Search apple.com Cancel Apple Mac iPad iPhone Watch TV Music Support Shopping Bag Cancel App Store Preview This app is available only on the App Store for iPhone and iPad. Live Weather - Weather Radar & Forecast app 4+ Fotoable, Inc. #71 in Weather 4.5, 15.7K Ratings Free Offers In-App Purchases Screenshots iPhone iPad Description Weather: Prepare for your day with accurate hourly, 5-day forecasts Weather: A useful & needful weather app for you. Weather provides accurate real-time weather, hourly & daily weather forecast and weather details, is your best choice to get weather information. Modern UI design of Weather, easier for you to know local weather and weather forecast. By using this weather app, you can not only know today's weather, but also see 9 days weather forecasts. With the help of Weather, make your daily schedule properly. What’s the weather like? Weather forecast for the next few days? The weather information is all in your control! Real-time temperature, humidity, pressure, wind force and wind direction are all in this weather app based on weather radar. ------Main Features of this Weather app------ 【Forecast】：24 hours and 9 days weather forecasts. 【Details】: Humidity, pressure, wind force and wind direction. 【Precipitation】：Rain fall changes from day and night. 【My Locations】: You can choose and save different locations around the world. Contact US : Facebook https://www.facebook.com/FotoRus Instagram https://www.instagram.com/fotorus_official Email : support@fotoable.com What’s New Version History 2017年4月14日 Version 1.3.5 Bug fixed. Ratings and Reviews 4.5 out of 5 15.7K Ratings 15.7K Ratings Thiedea , 07/08/2018 Much to like! I was apprehensive about downloading this app but after several months I’m ready to say I like it! Love the messages in the morning and evening about what the local weather will be. And it’s accurate, a challenge on coastal California. I like the ease of checking out weather in other cities. I’d like it better when I put in a city that the state pulls up automatically so I can choose the one I want, but the state doesn’t always show. I also like the 10 day forecast. There’s more to learn with this app so perhaps I’ll update the review in a few months. vtspnr , 01/29/2019 Not great I haven’t yet found a weather app that combines at least near-accuracy with usefulness, but after trying this one for several months, this isn’t it. Today’s weather is often yesterday’s, claiming to be today )it’s Tuesday now, but it shows Monday as today). The mini summary (such as ‘cloudy with a chance of...’) is cut off after just a few letters, with no way to click on it to actually read it. Its summary descriptions vary unaccountably (-5 is ‘frigid’ sometimes, merely ‘very cold’ others). The hourly forecast for Today is good, and very useful (especially when Today actually IS today), but that feature isn’t available for even one day in the future. So I guess I’ll keep looking for a weather app... One more complaint: finding a nickname that hasn’t been chosen already is extraordinarily difficult (I’ve just tried about 20, including in foreign languages!), leaving me to wonder whether the developer really wants reviews... IntiBLUE , 04/28/2018 Solid, Reliable Software I changed apps when the apple Weather app started loading without current temperature or forecasts. I tried a couple other apps, but this one is simple and solid. Adds are unobtrusive if they are there, and I’ve had no loading problems. I generally use the hour-to-hour and 5 day forecast. Weather being what it is in PNW, it’s not perfectly accurate. Honestly I’d be freaked out if it was always right! Weather prediction is still an art *and* science profession. Information Seller Fotoable, Inc. Size 34.8 MB Category Weather Compatibility Requires iOS 9.0 or later. Compatible with iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch. Languages English, Arabic, Danish, Dutch, Finnish, French, German, Hindi, Hungarian, Indonesian, Italian, Japanese, Korean, Northern Sami, Polish, Portuguese, Russian, Simplified Chinese, Spanish, Swedish, Turkish, Vietnamese Age Rating 4+ Copyright © Fotoable,Inc. Price Free In-App Purchases Remove-Ads $1.99 App Support App Support Supports Family Sharing With Family Sharing set up, up to six family members can use this app. More By This Developer See All FotoRus -Camera & Photo Editor Photo & Video PIP Camera Pro. Photo & Video InstaBeauty - Makeup Camera! Photo & Video InstaMag - Photo Collage Maker Photo & Video You May Also Like See All WeatherBug – Weather Forecast Weather MyRadar Weather Radar Weather Weather⁺ Weather Local Weather Radar & Forecast Weather Weather Underground Weather Yahoo Weather Weather More ways to shop: Visit an Apple Store, call 1-800-MY-APPLE, or find a reseller. Choose your country or region Copyright © 2019 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map