‎Max Tracker Hurricane WPLG on the App Store Global Nav Open Menu Global Nav Close Menu Apple Shopping Bag Search apple.com Cancel Apple Mac iPad iPhone Watch TV Music Support Shopping Bag Cancel App Store Preview This app is available only on the App Store for iPhone and iPad. Max Tracker Hurricane WPLG 4+ Local 10 - Miami Graham Media Group, Inc 4.8, 40.8K Ratings Free Screenshots iPhone iPad Apple Watch Description The Max Tracker Hurricane app is powered by Max Mayfield, former director of the National Hurricane Center, Meteorologists Bryan Norcross and WPLG’s Chief Certified Meteorologist Betty Davis. This team of meteorologists brings you the latest and most accurate information on developing tropical systems to help keep you and your family safe. • Projected Hurricane Paths • Interactive Live Storm Tracker • Local Radar • Live Local 10 news storm coverage • Severe Weather Alerts • Tropical Weather Outlooks • Watches and Warnings What’s New Version History Sep 16, 2018 Version 3.2 Addressed two minor bugs. Ratings and Reviews 4.8 out of 5 40.8K Ratings 40.8K Ratings Bamboo Beach Babe , 09/07/2018 Hard times working on the Beach Hi. I’m sure you’re job is very hard. And I’d like you to I watch the weather reports like I read the Bible. But one thing I would like ALL weather reporters to know is a lot of viewers plan their daily plans and weekly plans due to weather reports. I can’t even count how many times you all have said.., and I quote “NOT A GOOD BEACH DAY”....Or .. “ The weekend is going to be “A WASH OUT “. And it doesn’t even rain. MOST times not even a sprinkle. That puts me and ALL my co-workers standing around not making ANY MONEY because there isn’t ANY Customers coming in for lunch, the pool,or the BEAUTIFUL BEACHES we All live here in south Florida. If I may suggest PLEASE don’t tell people about rain. Maybe tell them to DEFINITELY TAKE A CHANCE... if it rains there are MANY WONDERFUL RESTAURANTS that they can ALWAYS duck into and watch for RAINBOWS OR maybe come dance in the rain with all the GREAT server. as long as there isn’t any lighting. Anyway it’s just my thoughts that you you asked for LOL NateNateTheGreatGreat , 09/05/2017 Great info all at your fingertips! Love this app! Yeah it doesn't really give you any hurricane info that you couldn't go online and find yourself, but the convenience of having all the latest info and updates all in one place, is awesome! It puts everything you need to know, right at your fingertips! And it even notifies you of the latest advisory updates! Along with personal suggestions and information right from Max Mayfield, himself! And anyone who's been thru a south Florida hurricane knows exactly who Max Mayfield, ex-national hurricane center head honcho, IS!! A+++ Channel 10 & Max Mayfield for collaborating on this on together! cheme75 , 09/26/2017 Essential app for hurricane season Great app to keep up with storm tracking... only gripe for me is too many notifications. Asking for local storms only does not seem to limit notifications for storms that have moved hundreds of miles away. I like the notifications for approaching storms but why the constant stream of continuing notifications for storms moved hundreds of miles away, some a thousand miles from us and dying out. It's a small issue but aggravating when it fills the notification list with useless notices for storms that passed by days ago. Let me know if it turns back for some strange reason, otherwise end the notifications when it passes. Otherwise I'd consider it an essential app for us in SoFlo. The plan and prepare section with contacts for shelters, govt assistance numbers, etc is also essential. Information Seller Graham Media Group, Inc Size 67.5 MB Category Weather Compatibility Requires iOS 9.0 and watchOS 2.0 or later. Compatible with iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch. Languages English Age Rating 4+ Copyright © WPLG Price Free Developer Website App Support Privacy Policy Developer Website App Support Privacy Policy Supports Family Sharing With Family Sharing set up, up to six family members can use this app. More By This Developer See All News 6 ClickOrlando News KSAT 12 News — KSAT.com News Click2Houston - KPRC 2 News WPLG Local 10 - Miami News KPRC Hurricane Tracker Weather WJXT Hurricane Tracker Weather You May Also Like See All Hurricane Tracker Weather global storms Weather Hurricane Track- Storm Tracker Weather Hurricane: American Red Cross Weather ScoutLook: Best Fishing App Weather Hurricane Tracker By HurricaneSoftware.com's - iHurricane Free Weather More ways to shop: Visit an Apple Store, call 1-800-MY-APPLE, or find a reseller. Choose your country or region Copyright © 2019 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map