‎MyRadar Weather Radar on the App Store Global Nav Open Menu Global Nav Close Menu Apple Shopping Bag Search apple.com Cancel Apple Mac iPad iPhone Watch TV Music Support Shopping Bag Cancel App Store Preview This app is available only on the App Store for iPhone and iPad. MyRadar Weather Radar 4+ Live Weather Radar & Forecast Aviation Data Systems, Inc #3 in Weather 4.8, 520.8K Ratings Free Offers In-App Purchases Screenshots iPhone iPad Apple Watch Description Thanks to everyone for making MyRadar so successful, with over 45 million downloads! MyRadar is a fast, powerful, easy-to-use weather app that displays animated weather radar around your current location and to quickly show what weather is coming your way. Just start the app; your location pops up with animated live radar, with radar loop lengths of up to two hours. This basic functionality provides the quickest way to get a snapshot of the weather on-the-go, and it's what has made MyRadar so successful over the years. Check your phone and get an instant assessment of the weather that will impact your day. In addition to the live radar, MyRadar has an ever-increasing list of weather and environmentally-related data layers that you can overlay on top of the map; our animated winds layer shows a breathtaking visual representation of both surface winds and winds at the jetstream level; the frontal boundaries layer shows high and low pressure systems as well as frontal boundaries themselves; the earthquakes layer is a great way to stay on top of the latest reports on seismic activity, completely customizable as to severity and time; our hurricane layer allows users to stay on top of the latest tropical storm and hurricane activity throughout the world; the aviation layer overlays AIRMETs, SIGMETs and other aviation-related data, including the ability to track flights and display their IFR flight plans and paths, and the "wildfires" layer allows users to stay abreast of the latest fire activity around the United States. MyRadar also has the ability to send weather and environmental alerts, including alerts from the National Weather Service, such as Tornado and Severe Weather alerts. A new feature introduced in this version of MyRadar includes the ability to receive alerts based off of Tropical Storm and Hurricane activity; you can configure the app to send you an alert any time a tropical storm or hurricane forms, or is upgraded or downgraded. One of the most useful features in MyRadar is the ability to provide advanced rain alerts; our patent-pending process for predicting hyper-local rainfall is the most accurate in the industry. Instead of having to check the app all the time, MyRadar will send you an alert up to an hour in advance as to when the rain will arrive at your current location, down to the minute, including details on intensity and duration. These alerts can be a life saver when you're on-the-go and don't always have time to check the weather - our systems will proactively do the work for you and let you know in advance before the rain hits. In addition to the free features of the app, additional upgrades are available, including real-time hurricane tracking - great for the start of hurricane season. The hurricane tracker provides additional data above and beyond the free version, including the cone of probability for tropical storm/hurricane forecast tracks, and it also includes a detailed synopsis from the National Hurricane Center. The premium upgrades also include the professional radar pack, which allows greater detail of radar from individual stations. Users can select individual radar stations around the US, select the radar tilt angle, and also change the radar product being displayed, including base reflectivity and wind velocity - great for experienced weather buffs looks to stay on top of possible tornado formation. Download MyRadar today and try it out! * Aviation Charts subscription (not required in order to use MyRadar) ($24.95 USD per YEAR) * Payments will be charged to your iTunes account * Account will be charged for renewal within 24-hours prior to the end of the current period * Auto-renewal may be turned off at any time by going to your settings in the iTunes Store after purchase. MyRadar’s Privacy Policy, visit: https://myradar.com/privacy Full terms of service: https://myradar.com/terms What’s New Version History Nov 15, 2019 Version 6.12.0 LOTS of under-the-hood changes for an upcoming modernization of the App's UI, as well as a number of bug fixes. Ratings and Reviews 4.8 out of 5 520.8K Ratings 520.8K Ratings red pills rule , 10/09/2018 Great App! Very Accurate, but I have suggestions. It's supposed to provide useful info for pilots. I really appreciate the inclusion of the fire locator function so I can tell smoke clouds by wind direction. However, VOG and Saharan Desert Dust also would be pertinent info. I'm not a pilot, but as a person who doesn't have breathing problems unless exposed to a trigger, I'd be willing to pay extra to get fire smoke clouds, VOG, and Saharan Dust mappers so I know when the clouds reach my area and when to wear a mask or stay indoors and change my air filter after the condition passes. It would probably be best to toggle this info so as not to overcrowd the map. Also nice would be a show of the jet-streams, fronts, high pressure systems like the Bermuda High that are pertinent to hurricane tracks, and dry air and moist air indicators to see whether fronts are coming in wet or dry. The dumbed down weather nowadays rarely shows these indicators that people used to rely on to predict the weather themselves (often better than the meteorologists). If you already have this for purchase, please let me know, or consider adding. happyfeet 20017 , 07/06/2019 Old Radar Loop, 60% accurate, crashes etc The “live radar” loop runs 2 hours ~20 mins past time. The will rain or storm times graph & time feature is wrong 60% of the time. I have my home marked with a star ( it only allows me to 1 star location tho) Worst is it gives me weather, alerts & warnings for a town 15 + miles away, in a different county that gets different weather & warnings. Ugh. When we were traveling and hit bad weather it was a worthless app. It kept kicking me back home 400+miles then kept crashing all cause I was trying to pull weather from my current location. It started draining my battery, freezing, unavailable data, crashing. If I’m home in my marked Location the app never freezes, crashes, etc. My husband uses a NOAA app (free) and I thought I was downloading the same one he has. No this one is horrible compared to the one he uses. The one he uses gives him current road conditions/warnings/accidents/ radar etc as he’s traveling and actually shows the town we live closest to (3 miles) correct county & he has locations (stars) marked all over the place. The (free) NOAA app he uses didn’t have a melt down when we were out of town or traveling and worked great.. I’m uninstalling this app and looking for the app my husband uses..Idk why so many different NOAA apps are available but lessons learned they are not all equal. The one he uses offers upgrades but the free version works good & has adds just like this one. Developer Response , Hey there; you definitely shouldn't be getting an old radar loop, our radar is among the most real-time out there based on the way we process the stream of radar data. I'd love to try to dive into this a bit further with you to try to figure out what's up! If you're up for it, hit me up directly via email to feedback at myradar.com - my name's Andy - we can drill into the problem a bit to see what's up! MyRadar DOES allow you to mark as many locations as you'd like to place, so something else seems to be up, there! Umphphreak6 , 11/27/2018 I Miss the Old Storm app!! Is there a way to see the future radar like the old Storm app? Is that in the premium packet because my radar ends 10 mins before the actual time & I want to know the forecast radar for the next hour. Also, if I press on a fire icon & read about it, when I go bk to the map, the time on the animation slider becomes 8 hours off. I don’t think the actual radar changes. I only know that I have to close & reopen the app to get the time back to ending 10 minutes before the actual time. This makes me wonder if I can trust the accuracy of this app. Plus, it’s been raining here nonstop for 6 hours but the radar shows periods of no rain. It’s also really annoying when the slightest tap or zooming in on the map will start changing the cities up above because of the crosshairs. And when I swipe left, or right to scroll through my favorite cities, nothing happens- it won’t scroll through the cities even though the stars are highlighted. I miss being able to zoom in & see exactly where it’s going to be raining & being able to chose between 1 hour or 5 hours in the future & clicking on the storm cells & find out the speed & the danger associated with each one, as I could in the old Storm app. It truly was the best weather app out there! I will change my 2 star rating if I can find the future radar. Developer Response , Hey there! In actuality, each radar station takes up to 10 minutes to complete a full 360 sweep of its area, so while we do display the most current radar available, the data is going to be anywhere from 5 to 10 minutes old either way - we just choose not to fudge the timestamps like some other apps do. As for the times on the animation slider, that bug should be fixed by now. If you're still experiencing these bugs, please reach out to me directly via email to feedback at myradar.com - my name's Andy - I'd like to dive into this further! Information Seller Aviation Data Systems, Inc Size 178.6 MB Category Weather Compatibility Requires iOS 11.0 and watchOS 5.0 or later. Compatible with iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch. Languages English, Dutch, French, German, Italian, Japanese, Korean, Portuguese, Spanish Age Rating 4+ Copyright © 2019 ACME AtronOmatic, LLC Price Free In-App Purchases Ad Removal $2.99 US National Warnings & Watches Hurricane Tracker $2.99 more Developer Website App Support Privacy Policy Developer Website App Support Privacy Policy Supports Family Sharing With Family Sharing set up, up to six family members can use this app. More By This Developer See All MyRadar Weather Radar Pro Weather Flightwise Flight Planner Navigation You May Also Like See All WeatherBug – Weather Forecast Weather Weather - The Weather Channel Weather AccuWeather: Weather Radar Weather Weather Underground Weather Weather Radar NOAA Weather Weather Live゜ Weather More ways to shop: Visit an Apple Store, call 1-800-MY-APPLE, or find a reseller. Choose your country or region Copyright © 2019 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map