‎NOAA Buoy and Tide Data on the App Store Global Nav Open Menu Global Nav Close Menu Apple Shopping Bag Search apple.com Cancel Apple Mac iPad iPhone Watch TV Music Support Shopping Bag Cancel App Store Preview This app is available only on the App Store for iPhone and iPad. NOAA Buoy and Tide Data 4+ Verona Solutions, LLC #18 in Weather 3.8, 24 Ratings $1.99 Screenshots iPhone iPad Description The first and still the best, NOAA Buoy and Tide Data allows you to retrieve weather data from NOAA's National Data Buoy Center. It also provides tide predictions for the US and Moon phase information. The perfect tool to help plan your time on the water. **For a map of buoys locations, go here: http://www.ndbc.noaa.gov/ * NEW - Home page lets you keep your most commonly used data in one place. * Search for buoys by name. * View buoys near you with customizable search radius. * Use GPS or manually entered location. * Map of buoy locations. * Detailed live buoy data with access to location specific forecasts. * Save your favorites for easy access. * Quick access to buoy's website from within the application. * Buoys sorted by proximity to your selected location. * Tide Predictions. * Moon phases. Data can include wind speed, gusts, and direction as well as pressure and other relevant marine data. This data is dependent on the buoy since not all buoys have the same sensors. If you participate in activities where marine weather is important, you need this app. Great for: boating sailing diving fishing kite boarding and any activity where marine weather conditions are important. If you fish at sea like we do, this is a great app for you. Another quality App brought to you by boaters and fisherman. We use our products everyday and listen to our customers. If you have any issues, please contact us. We will reply. What’s New Version History Aug 25, 2019 Version 8.03 * Fix for connectivity issue with forecasts Ratings and Reviews 3.8 out of 5 24 Ratings 24 Ratings riffin-rich , 09/03/2017 Should have read reviews 2nd re-write: The developer responded the same day as my review, and provided instructions to disable automatic user location (set Auto-Retrieve to off). Having downloaded the app again and making the location changes, I am still nagged with a pop-up error, "No Location. Access to location denied! Check Settings." Another issue is that wave height info is missing from most buoys I've checked along the eastern shore. NOAA comparisons show the data (just not provided from within the app). Excellent marine weather info otherwise. Developer Response , The app does not require location services to be enabled. You can go to the settings in the app and set the Auto Retrieve off. You can then manually set your location. The app requires location in order to show you stations near you. We DO NOT capture your location or profit from it in any way. Our app has been in continuous service for 9 years. We have not ever, used user location to advertise, sell or promote to them. If this answer satisfies your concern, please consider revising your review. If it does not, please feel free to reach out to us at info@veronasolutions.net and we will gladly answer all your questions. Rwilli98 , 05/01/2019 Synopsis Suddenly the synopsis has disappeared and the app keeps freezing and shutting down when I try to scroll down. Developer Response , Which Buoy are you using? You can reach out to us at info@veronasolutions.net and we are always ready to help. aeronautic1 , 05/05/2019 Best App for the Professional Mariner As a yacht delivery captain who delivered vessels all over the world, this app has been my go-to marine weather resource. I have bought other apps that claim to be NOAA Data Buoy but fail miserably in provide NOAA textual data. This app provides marine weather forecasts as well as current and historical data verbatim from NDBC/NOAA. Don’t waste your time or money. Take it from a professional mariner. This is the app you need. Information Seller Verona Solutions, LLC Size 24.5 MB Category Weather Compatibility Requires iOS 9.0 or later. Compatible with iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch. Languages English Age Rating 4+ Copyright © Verona Solutions, LLC. 2009 Price $1.99 Developer Website App Support Privacy Policy Developer Website App Support Privacy Policy Supports Family Sharing With Family Sharing set up, up to six family members can use this app. More By This Developer See All FL Saltwater Fishing Companion Sports TX Saltwater Fishing Companion Sports GA Saltwater Fishing Companion Sports SC Saltwater Fishing Companion Sports NJ Saltwater Fishing Companion Sports NY Saltwater Fishing Companion Sports You May Also Like See All Boating Weather Weather TideTrac Weather OutCast - Weather and NOAA Marine Forecasts Weather NOAA Buoy Reports Weather NOAA Buoys Live Marine Weather Weather Marine Weather Forecast Pro Weather