‎News 9 Weather on the App Store Global Nav Open Menu Global Nav Close Menu Apple Shopping Bag Search apple.com Cancel Apple Mac iPad iPhone Watch TV Music Support Shopping Bag Cancel App Store Preview This app is available only on the App Store for iPhone and iPad. News 9 Weather 4+ Griffin Communications, L.L.C. #180 in Weather 2.6, 191 Ratings Free Offers In-App Purchases Screenshots iPhone iPad Description Take the News 9 Weather team wherever you go with News 9 Weather app. Get the latest forecasts, radars, alerts, videos, and blogs from Chief Meteorologist David Payne. What’s New Version History Nov 6, 2019 Version 6.3.3 - Current conditions tile now has a three-day forecast - Radar tile now has live radar - Bug fixes and improvements Ratings and Reviews 2.6 out of 5 191 Ratings 191 Ratings Guardian'sWife , 05/17/2017 Too Broad Area This app does not allow me to select what counties I want to receive alerts from, so I constantly receive alerts for areas that do not even remotely affect me. Last night during a storm I received tons of alerts (50+). This has the opposite desired effect, because I start deleting them without reading them and it becomes a nuisance. Kind of like the "cry wolf" effect... if they would fix this so I could only get alerts for where I live I would give it 5 stars. Sparkita46 , 08/27/2019 Not accurate and cop out responses This app has been great from the time I first downloaded in 2013. I didn’t care for the new layout but I figured I’d get used to it. I used it a great deal for the radar when I lived in Oklahoma for farming. Then when I moved, I kept it because of how accurate the radar was and the notifications. I have family scattered all over Oklahoma; I have relatives that are terrified of tornadoes so I keep tabs when weather events are happening in their area. Last night I received alerts of excessive heat, lightning, thunderstorms, and flooding for the Guthrie area. At no time did I receive alerts for high wind or the freaking tornado that bounced through there. I emailed the app to ask why the TORNADO notification didn’t come thru, explaining I’d received other notifications. I was told there were notifications and I needed to make sure the notifications option was turned on. I sent a screen shot of the notifications I’d received, asking if they could just have someone look into why some alerts were sent but not others and was told I should have had my news alerts on too. Be aware this app just isn’t what it used to be and the support isn’t very helpful. RaisingDinah , 05/08/2019 Great update This app is more sleek, and the update has provided so much more useful information. (e.g. sunrise/sunset, hourly wind, temp & precip, current wind, etc) I’ve seen some reviews that say it doesn’t have hourly projections or saved locations, but they must’ve overlooked those features, because they’re there. I thought there was no way to change the alert settings (like, to pick and choose what I get alerted about.)It took me a week or two but I finally figured out how to change those settings. Overall, much improved. Great app. Information Seller Griffin Television OKC, L.L.C. Size 121.4 MB Category Weather Compatibility Requires iOS 10.0 or later. Compatible with iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch. Languages English Age Rating 4+ Location This app may use your location even when it isn't open, which can decrease battery life. Copyright © 2019, Griffin Communications Price Free In-App Purchases Weather Radio $9.99 Developer Website App Support Privacy Policy Developer Website App Support Privacy Policy Supports Family Sharing With Family Sharing set up, up to six family members can use this app. More By This Developer See All News 9 News News On 6 News News on 6 Weather Weather 106.9 KHITS Music 98.5 KVOO Music Big Country 99.5 Music You May Also Like See All RadarScope Weather Mesonet Weather 4WarnMe Weather WFTV Channel 9 Weather Weather FOX23 Weather Weather FOX 25 Stormwatch Weather Weather More ways to shop: Visit an Apple Store, call 1-800-MY-APPLE, or find a reseller. Choose your country or region Copyright © 2019 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map