‎PressReader on the App Store Global Nav Open Menu Global Nav Close Menu Apple Shopping Bag Search apple.com Cancel Apple Mac iPad iPhone Watch TV Music Support Shopping Bag Cancel App Store Preview This app is available only on the App Store for iPhone and iPad. PressReader 12+ All your news in one place PressReader Inc #30 in Magazines & Newspapers 4.6, 4.4K Ratings Free Offers In-App Purchases Screenshots iPhone iPad Description PressReader is the best way to read magazines and newspapers on your phone or tablet. Find your favorite titles and discover new ones from around the world. Save a collection of stories and schedule easy, automatic deliveries. Download complete issues and toggle between the original page view and a mobile-optimized text view. Plus, bring it all to life with listening mode, one-touch translation, and dynamic commenting. Subscribe to get unlimited access to every title in the catalog. Or, get access to PressReader without a subscription by visiting one of our HotSpot partners. “If you love newspapers but hate inky fingers and creepy delivery people, you might be interested in taking a gander at PressReader” – TECHCRUNCH “PressReader delivers an authentic multi-platform newspaper-reading experience” – TNW “I found it especially useful for keeping up with international news, which often offers viewpoints you won’t find in US media.” – LIFEHACKER “Anyone with even a passing interest in the news should give PressReader a try” – CNET “A sleeping giant in the digital media landscape” – INC. Terms of Use: www.pressreader.com/help/termsofuse Privacy Policy: www.pressreader.com/help/privacypolicy Support - Translations area available in up to 16 different languages - Subscriptions are available for US$29.99/monthly (or a similar amount in local currencies) - Subscriptions may be managed by the user and auto-renewal may be turned off by going to the user's Account Settings after purchase - Monthly subscription payment is charged to a user’s iTunes account at confirmation of purchase - Monthly subscriptions will renew automatically unless renewals are disabled in account settings - Renewals will be charged to your iTunes account 24 hours before the end of the subscription period TOP TITLES NEWSPAPERS: The Washington Post, The Guardian, The Guardian Australia, National Post, Los Angeles Times, New York Post, The Globe and Mail, The Herald, The Irish Times, China Daily, USA Today, Le Figaro, Le Journal de Montreal, El Pais, The Daily Herald, The Daily Telegraph BUSINESS & NEWS: Newsweek, Forbes, Robb Report, Business Traveler, The Monthly, Bloomberg Business Week, FastCompany, Inc. FASHION: Vogue, Vogue Hommes, Elle, Glamour, Cosmopolitan, GQ, Esquire, Numbero ENTERTAINMENT: Variety, Q, Empire, Top Gear LIFESTYLE & TRAVEL: Lonely Planet, Esquire, Canadian Geographic, Marie Claire, Maxim, DNA FOOD & HOME: Clean Eating, Canadian Living, Parents SPORTS & FITNESS: Men’s Health, Women’s Health, Yoga Journal, Runner's World TECHNOLOGY & GAMING: PC Gamer, Popular Science, Science Illustrated, T3 What’s New Version History Nov 23, 2019 Version 5.6.1 We’ve launched a new personalization engine in certain regions so that we can better recommend content you’ll love. If you’re lucky, you’ll get to try it out with this update, and if not, just give us a little more time and we’ll roll it out to everyone. In this release we’ve also made compatibility improvements for iOS 13, and added a new login option for Apple ID. Tell us what you think. Reach us anytime at care@pressreader.com. Ratings and Reviews 4.6 out of 5 4.4K Ratings 4.4K Ratings pixelwalker , 08/17/2018 An amazing source of reading, but not only! My access to all possible world press became instant, my opinions became influential, my channel is growing and developing super fast. Three great features I’ve never seen before but always dreamed of: real time Translation (you don’t need 3rd party anymore) - very convenient - just imagine you can read any language! (Italian Vogue is not longer Italian) Then you don’t even have to read, Voice Reader can do it aloud. And finally the Boomarks! (I still have those thousands of heavy folders I used put teared magazine pages in from my student years). The app delivers the fresh issues of all I read right to my account. I’m shocked! I’m in future! Developer Response , We are thrilled to read your feedback. It's wonderful to hear that you are enjoying so many features available in the app! Thanks so much and happy reading! Sabor Místico , 01/10/2019 Not. That. Great. I am not impressed with this app at all. It just makes things that should be straightforward and easy unnecessarily difficult. I do a search on a new device for a periodical I have been receiving for years on an older one, and the search turns up nothing. I wish to de-authorize one device so that I can authorize another and I can’t do that without getting tech support from my organization (the website won’t let me sign in on my computer so I can do so myself. Instead it tells me that my email and/or password are “incorrect” - which they are not). Just a bunch of unnecessarily complicated nonsense! Also, the app has an icon badge which is not self-explanatory. I wish I knew what it signified. Is it the number of periodicals I am supposed to receive (because that does not seem accurate)? The number of issues available for download? (because that doesn’t seem accurate either). What?! I tried opening all my periodicals to see if that would get the icon to it would go away or change, but it didn't. So an explanation of its significance would be nice. With many publications piling up I would appreciate a feature that could instantly put them in chronological order, for finding issues more easily, but there doesn’t seem to be such a feature. Honestly, if I did not need to use this app out of necessity, I would have deleted it long ago. Developer Response , Sabor, thank you for your feedback. It appears that we need to review your account, and discuss the few issues that you are experiencing directly with you. Could you reach us at PressReader.com/Care with more details? Thanks! News Suz , 10/29/2018 FABULOUS TO HAVE NEWS ON IPAD This is the greatest app! I get to see my NY Newspaper while I live in Florida. I can see any paper from all over the world! It’s ready by 5:30am and I don’t have to go outside to my driveway to get the paper... wet or dry! I don’t have to deal with the newspaper print that I’m allergic to. And I don’t have to throw the paper away at the end of the day! Also, I can save papers on my iPad or iPhone and see my favorite stories or articles whenever I want. It’s just FABULOUS! And the price cannot be beat!!! Get this Press Reader app ASAP!!! Developer Response , Thank you for sharing your feedback! This is exactly what we would want to hear! Happy Reading! Subscriptions See All Go Premium Subscribe & choose from thousands of issues Free Trial Information Seller PressReader Inc Size 99.8 MB Category News Compatibility Requires iOS 11.2 or later. Compatible with iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch. Languages English, French, German, Italian, Portuguese, Russian, Simplified Chinese, Spanish, Traditional Chinese, Turkish Age Rating 12+ Infrequent/Mild Alcohol, Tobacco, or Drug Use or References Infrequent/Mild Sexual Content and Nudity Infrequent/Mild Mature/Suggestive Themes Copyright © 2009-2019 PressReader Inc. Price Free In-App Purchases Get this issue $0.99 Get this issue $1.99 Get this issue $2.99 more Developer Website App Support License Agreement Privacy Policy Developer Website App Support License Agreement Privacy Policy Supports Family Sharing With Family Sharing set up, up to six family members can use this app. More By This Developer See All Bangkok Post Epaper News The China Daily iPaper News InquirerPlus News The Telegraph e-paper News NL News News PEI News News You May Also Like See All Bloomberg: Business News News Washington Post News The Guardian: Breaking News News CBC News News Reuters News News South China Morning Post News More ways to shop: Visit an Apple Store, call 1-800-MY-APPLE, or find a reseller. Choose your country or region Copyright © 2019 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map