‎RadarScope on the App Store Global Nav Open Menu Global Nav Close Menu Apple Shopping Bag Search apple.com Cancel Apple Mac iPad iPhone Watch TV Music Support Shopping Bag Cancel App Store Preview This app is available only on the App Store for iPhone, iPad, and Apple TV. RadarScope 4+ Professional weather radar Base Velocity, LLC #6 in Weather 4.4, 822 Ratings $9.99 Offers In-App Purchases Screenshots iPhone iPad iMessage Apple Watch Apple TV Description RadarScope is a specialized display utility for weather enthusiasts and meteorologists that allows you view NEXRAD Level 3 and Super-Resolution radar data along with Tornado, Severe Thunderstorm, Flash Flood and Special Marine Warnings, and predicted storm tracks issued by the U.S. National Weather Service. It can display the latest reflectivity, velocity, dual-polarization, and other products from any NEXRAD or TDWR radar site in the United States, Guam, Puerto Rico, Korea, and Okinawa, as well as data from Environment Canada and Australian Bureau of Meteorology radars. These aren't smoothed images, this is native radar data rendered in its original radial format for a high level of detail. Whether you are scanning reflectivity for a mesocyclone's tell-tale hook echo, trying to pinpoint the landfall of a hurricane's eye wall, or looking for small features like velocity couplets in the storm relative radial velocity product, RadarScope gives you the power to view true radial weather radar data. RadarScope displays tornado, severe thunderstorm, flash flood, and special marine warnings issued by the U.S. National Weather Service. You can browse the list of active warnings, select a warning to view the details, and even zoom to the selected warning on the map. Pinch or stretch to zoom in and out. Drag your finger around the map to scroll. Tap the radar sweep button in the toolbar to switch radars. Select one of the 289 different radars in the United States, Canada, Australia, Korea, Puerto Rico, Guam, or Okinawa. Plot your current location by tapping the location button and optionally report it to the Spotter Network. Tap the play button to download and animate over recent images. Display the names of over 25,000 cities and towns on the map as you zoom and scroll. Tap and hold the color legend to see the data values. Meanwhile, RadarScope will retrieve and display updated data automatically and intelligently (approximately every 2 to 10 minutes, depending on the radar scan strategy). You can display radar data from our servers, NOAA's public access web site, or your Allison House subscriber account. Spotter Network members can report their location and view the locations of other spotters. RadarScope Pro is an optional auto-renewing subscription with two different tiers to choose from. RadarScope Pro Tier One is an annual subscription that provides access to real-time lightning data in the U.S. and Canada that animates along with the radar loop and up to 30 frames of radar data, including extended loops of super-resolution data. Tier One subscribers can also access a data interrogation tool to quickly determine data values for specific radar pixels and an optional dual-pane mode for viewing two radar products side-by-side. RadarScope Pro Tier Two is an annual or monthly subscription that combines all the features in Tier One with more advanced features, including SPC outlooks, local storm reports, hail size and probability contours, and azimuthal shear contours in the U.S., a 30-day archive of all radar products, and the ability to use subscription features across multiple platforms. If you choose to buy the RadarScope Pro subscription, it will charged to your iTunes account. The subscription will be auto-renewed within 24 hours prior to the end of the current period at the same price you originally paid. Subscriptions may be managed and auto-renewal disabled via your iTunes Account Settings after the purchase. Once purchased, the subscription cannot be cancelled during the active subscription period. DTN is committed to safeguarding your privacy online. Our privacy policy is available for review at: https://www.dtn.com/privacy-policy/ Please visit our web site for more information. What’s New Version History Nov 13, 2019 Version 3.11 • Added CASCM and CASMB radars (data available now) • Added CASLA and CASMR radars (data coming soon) • Removed XNC, XMB, XLA, and WGJ radars • Fixed a radar status bug • Fixed a couple of Spotter Network report submission bugs • Updated outlook colors to match SPC products Ratings and Reviews 4.4 out of 5 822 Ratings 822 Ratings sasha_nola , 08/11/2019 Fantastic, except for Apple Watch version The iPad version of RadarScope is unsurpassed for this weather geek; haven’t seen anything better. However the Apple Watch app version is very disappointing. I have removed it. It does not know what it wants to be. I need an untethered Watch radar app to use when out on a run, walking the dog, or on a ride. Although it is intended to work while untethered, with my usage and Verizon etc, it loads a radar image less than 10% of the time I try to use it untethered. 90% of the time it loads nothing or occasionally returns a “failure to to connect to parent app” error. I have gotten caught in downbursts that I could have avoided if the app would have shown me local radar and/or lightning when I needed the info. In addition, I do not need to see, on my tiny watch screen, the myriad different products available from my local radar station (KLIX); that is what my iPad/phone version is for. Finally, I do not find the watch app to be useful in tethered mode either; I inevitably would rather have a look at the radar on my phone instead. Please redesign the watch app to be reliable in untethered mode even if it means losing many of the specialist radar products. hstnnn , 03/25/2018 Best radar The other reviewers are right-- this is the best radar and well worth the cost. I had purchased several others and put off this one because of the price. The other apps disappointed-- they have been inaccurate or slow to update. This one is precise and quick--so far is has never been more than a minute or two before it updates and most often it is up to the moment. And the accuracy has been brilliant. It has many features that I have not yet used, but i hope to learn them soon. I'm a weather novice, but I definitely want to know where the storms are, where they're going, and how much rain we'll get. This is the best radar by far! Update: the developer keeps refining an already brilliant application. This is THE radar application, far superior to any other out there. Absolutely one of the best purchases I've ever made for my iOS devices—beautiful on the iPad, crucial app on the phone, and a very informative glance at the radar on the watch. I bought the upgraded pro version and like the additional features: longer loops and lightening info. As with the basic version of this app, the cost is there but well worth it: this radar and all the features are the some of the best things on my phone. One of the top apps of any kind and one I will subscribe to without hesitation every year. robotfool228 , 05/12/2019 I love it When I bought the app, I was definitely not the target audience. I couldn’t really identify storm structures in person, let alone on radar. After getting this app and learning a ton more, it is one of the best radars out there. Yeah, there is a pretty big paywall, but you already get loads and loads of data for free. As I have learned about and experience weather more and more, I’ve really shifted from the mindset of asking why people would pay for all of the features to being able to see why there’s a paywall. The one thing that I dislike is that there isn’t any traditional map of roads, as well as certain cities that don’t show up entirely. Even if more cities showed up as I zoom in, that would be completely fine. It just gets somewhat frustrating when a friend tells me that he is near a cell in a certain city, there are dozens of warnings out, and I have to first find the city on a map before going to the warning this friend is referring to. Overall, the app is still phenomenal. It’s easy to use, provides loads of data, and is decently priced. Information Seller Base Velocity, LLC Size 217.2 MB Category Weather Compatibility Requires iOS 9.1 and watchOS 4 or later. Compatible with iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch. Apple TV. Languages English Age Rating 4+ Copyright 2019 © DTN Price $9.99 In-App Purchases RadarScope Pro Subscription $9.99 Pro Tier 1 $9.99 Pro Tier 2 $14.99 more Developer Website App Support License Agreement Privacy Policy Developer Website App Support License Agreement Privacy Policy Supports Family Sharing With Family Sharing set up, up to six family members can use this app. You May Also Like See All MyRadar Weather Radar Pro Weather Hurricane Tracker Weather NOAA Weather Radio Weather NOAA Hi-Def Radar Pro Weather Mesonet Weather NOAA Radar Pro: Weather Alerts Weather More ways to shop: Visit an Apple Store, call 1-800-MY-APPLE, or find a reseller. Choose your country or region Copyright © 2019 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map