‎Storm Shield on the App Store Global Nav Open Menu Global Nav Close Menu Apple Shopping Bag Search apple.com Cancel Apple Mac iPad iPhone Watch TV Music Support Shopping Bag Cancel App Store Preview This app is available only on the App Store for iPhone and iPad. Storm Shield 12+ Severe weather alerts E.W. Scripps Company #54 in Weather 4.7, 31.8K Ratings Free Offers In-App Purchases Screenshots iPhone iPad Apple Watch Description Named by Time.com's @Techland as one of the best weather apps for your iPhone and Apple Watch. Severe weather alerts for your exact location. Storm Shield gives you storm-based alerts for tornado, hurricane, flood, thunderstorm, winter storms and other life-threatening weather events via voice and push notification. Storm-based alerts help reduce false alarms by alerting you to severe weather based on your exact location within a county. County-based alerts can result in false alarms, warning you when your location in the county is not within the threatened area. What people are saying: • Storm Shield "alerted our family of the Broken Arrow, OK tornado, faster than the TV and tornado sirens." - Robyn • "I was in Oklahoma City during the tornado... we were right in its path. Your app literally was a life saver." - dcalk12 Benefits: • Get voice alerts just like a NOAA weather radio via push notification anywhere in the United States. • With Apple Watch, get a tap on your wrist when alerts are issued for your locations. • Add Storm Shield's widget to your Today screen to get quick access to active alerts for the first location in your app. • Touch Storm Shield's app icon on your 3D-Touch enabled iPhone for quick widget access. • Hi-Def radar map is your home screen so you can quickly see what's going on at your locations. • Long-tap on the map to get current conditions, hourly and daily forecasts. • Save additional locations to ensure family members stay safe. • Closings for Baltimore, Buffalo, Cincinnati, Cleveland, Denver, Detroit, Green Bay, Indianapolis, Kansas City, Lansing, Milwaukee, Nashville, Omaha, Tulsa. View NOAA severe weather alerts on the map to see where dangerous weather is happening: • Tap alerts to view info • Flood watches & warnings • Tornadoes & Thunderstorms • Hurricane & Tropical Storm forecast tracks • Winter storms • Marine & Coastal alerts • Radar & Clouds • Wind Speed • Snow Cover • Water Temperatures • Road Weather • Premium Weather (purchase required) • Lightning Alerts and notifications (purchase required) Enhance your app with auto-renewing monthly subscriptions: • Buy 'Premium Weather' to unlock these 3 features: 1) Future Radar: See radar into the future (6 hrs on Wi-Fi, 2 hrs on cellular) 2) Storm Tracks: See how fast storms are moving & where they're headed 3) Future Temperature Map: See future temperatures map (12 hrs on Wi-Fi, 5 hrs on cellular) • Buy 'Lightning' to unlock these 2 features: 1) Lightning strike push notifications up to 10 miles away. 2) See lightning on the map within 150 miles of a selected location. Note: • Payment will be charged to your iTunes Account at confirmation of purchase. • Subscription automatically renews unless auto-renew is turned off at least 24-hours before the end of the current period. • Account will be charged for renewal within 24-hours prior to the end of the current period, and identify the cost of the renewal. • Subscriptions may be managed by the user and auto-renewal may be turned off by going to the user's Account Settings after purchase. • No cancellation of the current subscription is allowed during active subscription period. • Privacy Policy: http://www.weathersphere.com/privacy • Terms of Use: http://www.weathersphere.com/terms • Any unused portion of a free trial period, if offered, will be forfeited when the user purchases a subscription to that publication, where applicable. Storm Shield is made possible by The E.W. Scripps Company & KMGH Denver, WXYZ Detroit, WCPO Cincinnati, WEWS Cleveland, RTV6 Indianapolis, KSHB Kansas City, WTVF Nashville, KMTV Omaha, KJRH Tulsa, KTTS Springfield, KFDI Wichita, WFTS Tampa, WPTV West Palm Beach, WFTX Ft. Myers, WTMJ Milwaukee, WGBA Green Bay, WSYM Lansing-Jackson, WMAR Baltimore, WKBW Buffalo, KNXV Phoenix, KGUN Tucson, KTNV Las Vegas, KGTV San Diego, KERO Bakersfield, KIVI Boise. Note: Continued use of GPS running in the background can dramatically decrease battery life. What’s New Version History Nov 6, 2018 Version 4.10 Version 4.10 BUG FIXES: • We fixed a bug on iPad where the map didn't properly display across the entire screen when iPad was in Landscape View. As a result of this fix, we've expanded the Location Card view (at the bottom of the map screen) to be more helpful and show more hours when iPad is in Landscape view. • We fixed another bug where the Hurricane Tracks detail screen could not be closed if it displayed a lot of hurricane track data points. • We fixed a small bug where the app would crash when attempting to Share a map image to the device's Camera Roll. • We fixed a small bug that caused the app's Notifications permission box to not display correctly when the user wanted to enable Weather Alerts in the app, but the iOS device itself had notifications disabled (in iOS Settings). • Additional under-the-hood maintenance items are included in this release. Ratings and Reviews 4.7 out of 5 31.8K Ratings 31.8K Ratings Aaaaaaaaaaaamr , 05/28/2018 Pretty good app. Just got this but so far so good. Kept us up to date on the latest winter storms. Hopefully works as good on summer storms. Seems to use a lot of battery. Would like to see road emergency levels if possible. Since last update it's terrible. Radar takes forever to load if it ever does. Right now its a waste of money. Thinking of finding something else. Will not advise friends and family to get this. Last update is useless. I live in a flood area and no longer receive audible warnings. As long as i am awake i know water is rising. If in bed guess i will just drown. Keep up the great updates and no one will be alive to buy your app. Why would i want a weather app that doesn't notify me. Hope a tornado warning is never issued at night. Think about us and not your pocket. Ok got notifications back and then another update In May--- lost notifications AGAIN. What gives? Really starting to rethink this app AGAIN. Developer Response , UPDATE 5/29/18 - If you are experiencing issues with notifications, please provide more detail by filing a Support ticket from within your Storm Shield App, which provides us with additional diagnostic data, and we’ll be happy to look into it. UPDATE 3/25/18 - Version 4.4 released: UPDATE #1: New Weather Alerts improvements: Thanks to your feedback from the initial version 4 release, Storm Shield App now provides over 160 weather alert types (instead of 45) for which you can choose to receive a push notification. This is even more alert types than the original Storm Shield App version 3's push notifications (which had 110). To choose which alert types you want to enable or disable, on the Map screen tap Settings (the gear icon), then Manage Weather Alerts. As always, when you receive a push notification from Storm Shield App, you will hear an audio notification that says: "Beep! Beep! Beep! The National Weather Service has issued a 'Name of Alert'." UPDATE #2) New Lightning Alerts improvement: In Settings, you can now enable and disable Lightning push notifications with an on/off switch. Also, when you have Lightning Alerts enabled, a new slider lets you adjust the notification sensitivity between 1 and 10 miles. Adjust this by 1-mile increments to be notified of lightning strikes within X miles. We hope you enjoy these latest improvements! Velocitoro , 08/07/2018 Was a ‘5’ / Now a ‘2’ at best Of course I have used this app for years and it has performed flawlessly (and I mean that), but never bothered to give it a rating. It is only now that it has become so slow and glitchy that I bother to finally rate it. 1) I launch the app in the middle of a thunderstorm and deluge and the display at the same location shows not cloud in the sky. 2) If and when there is thunderstorm display, random blocks or quadrants of the display are blank. 3) The ‘Play / Pause’ display function may or may not decide to comply though its icon says otherwise. 4) Should the ‘Play’ display function decide to actually comply, the time-stamped storm movement may just stop in its movement or most likely it will cycle ONCE and then STOP rather than repeating through the prior 30-45 minute time span as it once did. 5) After having purchased the purportedly full app in good faith, the now optional ‘Future’ function for an ongoing monthly fee belies the app’s public service quality because if the technology to provide the information is already existent (ie, available to and paid for by the issuer), then it should be incorporated into the app for its existing clientele. Bottom line: Just get it together or it will be money wasted as people move on to another, more reliable, better app. Thanks for reading...Velocitoro Developer Response , To be clear, you are not being charged a monthly fee for features you had previously. In fact, NO features from the old version 3 app were moved to a monthly fee. In this version 4 release, two NEW features, Future Weather (which unlocks Future Radar, Storm Tracks, Future Temperature Map) and Lightning Strikes (which unlocks Lightning Notifications and Lightning strikes on the map), are NEW additions to the app, and are subscription-based and optional. These features did not exist in the old version 3 app. With your download of Storm Shield App version 4, the features that were in the previous version 3 app are still available at no additional charge. You can: get severe weather alerts, view alerts on the radar map, view details of active alerts, save multiple locations, view current conditions, view hourly and daily forecasts, view local TV station content (if a local media provider exists in your market). Also, there are several NEW features you get for FREE that were not available in the old version 3 app: view Clouds and Radar together on the map; Wind Speed; Snow Cover; Temperature Map; Water Temperature Map; Road Weather; Earthquakes; and the ability to view multiple severe weather layers on the map at the same time (which version 3 could not do). If you have other concerns or something isn't performing as you expect, please provide more detail by filing a Support ticket from within your Storm Shield App, which provides us with additional diagnostic data, and we’ll be happy to look into it. Scoot2mtns , 02/22/2018 Ok, so I was wrong This is an update from my last review. If you know where to look, the features I liked about previous versions are still there. So I up-rated my review to 4 stars. The problem is that finding the forecast stuff isn’t straightforward in this version. In this version there is a fairly large button with the options “Current” and “Future”. Click on Future and basically what you get is a “Pay Up” message. To get the old forecast features, click on the little, tiny “More” in the bottom right, up comes a screen with current data plus sunrise/sunset. There is nothing to indicate that scrolling down will get you the forecast for the week that you were looking for. No slide bar shows until you actually start scrolling. Original review - Title: Last update turned a winner into a loser Great app but it’s really not free. With the last update it will only show you what’s happening right now. I can open the door for that. To get any forecast data (i.e., what’s going to happen), you have to buy a subscription. And it’s not clear that will even get you an ad free experience. Developer Response , The features that were in the previous version of the app are still here at no additional charge, which include severe weather alerting for your current and saved locations, ability to view current conditions, daily and hourly forecasts for each of your locations, and view radar and alert polygons on the map. In addition, there are several NEW features you get for FREE that were not available in the old app: view Clouds and Radar together on the map; Wind Speed; Snow Cover; Temperature Map; Water Temperature Map; Road Weather; Earthquakes; and the ability to view multiple severe weather layers on the map at the same time. Also, two NEW optional paid features, Future Weather (which unlocks Future Radar, Storm Tracks, Future Temperature Map) and Lightning Strikes (which unlocks Lightning Notifications and Lightning strikes on the map), are NEW additions to the app. These are subscription-based and optional. If you feel there is something missing that was in the previous version and is not free in this version, please let us know by filing a Support ticket from within your Storm Shield App and we’ll be happy to look into it. Information Seller E.W. Scripps Company Size 78.2 MB Category Weather Compatibility Requires iOS 10.0 and watchOS 2.2 or later. Compatible with iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch. Languages English, Spanish Age Rating 12+ Infrequent/Mild Medical/Treatment Information Infrequent/Mild Mature/Suggestive Themes Location This app may use your location even when it isn't open, which can decrease battery life. Copyright © The E.W. Scripps Company Price Free In-App Purchases Premium Weather $0.99 Lightning Strikes $0.99 30-Day Limited Offer Upgrade $1.49 more Developer Website App Support License Agreement Privacy Policy Developer Website App Support License Agreement Privacy Policy Supports Family Sharing With Family Sharing set up, up to six family members can use this app. More By This Developer See All The Cracked Reader Entertainment The Cracked Reader (Lite) Entertainment WKBW 7 Eyewitness News Buffalo News WCPO 9 On Your Side Cincinnati News 41 Action News Kansas City News KJRH 2 Works For You in Tulsa News You May Also Like See All global storms Weather Local Weather Radar & Forecast Weather Tornado: American Red Cross Weather WKRN Weather Authority Weather WSMV WX Weather Spectrum Bay News 9 Weather More ways to shop: Visit an Apple Store, call 1-800-MY-APPLE, or find a reseller. Choose your country or region Copyright © 2019 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map