‎StarPhoenix on the App Store Global Nav Open Menu Global Nav Close Menu Apple Shopping Bag Search apple.com/ca Cancel Apple Mac iPad iPhone Watch TV Music Support Shopping Bag Cancel App Store Preview This app is available only on the App Store for iPhone and iPad. StarPhoenix 4+ Saskatoon News, Sports & More Postmedia Network INC. #50 in Magazines & Newspapers 1.8, 38 Ratings Free Offers In-App Purchases Screenshots iPhone iPad Description The Saskatoon StarPhoenix is your trusted source for local news, politics, sports and entertainment. Stay up-to-date throughout the day with breaking news in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan and around the world. Plus get the latest on the Saskatchewan Roughriders, Saskatoon Blades and U of S Huskies with the best sports coverage in Canada including scores, standings, highlights and commentary. iPhone users enjoy the latest stories and multimedia features without a subscription. iPad users can access 10 free articles every 30 days, to sample the wide variety of breaking news and special features – plus extensive photo and video coverage. Home delivery print subscribers receive unlimited access on the iPad, included as part of their print subscription and can gain access by simply signing in with their existing account when prompted. If you’re not an existing print subscriber, you can easily subscribe through iTunes. Subscription Details for iPad Users • Payment will be charged to iTunes Account at confirmation of purchase • Subscription automatically renews unless auto-renew is turned off at least 24-hours before the end of the current period • Account will be charged $9.99 for renewal within 24-hours prior to the end of the current period • Subscriptions may be managed by the user and auto-renewal may be turned off by going to the user's Account Settings after purchase • Any unused portion of a free trial period, if offered, will be forfeited when the user purchases a subscription to that publication, where applicable • Privacy policy: http://www.canada.com/aboutus/privacy.html • Terms of use: http://www.canada.com/aboutus/termsofservice.html We appreciate and value your feedback. Please send any comments, suggestions or questions to: mobilesupport@postmedia.com What’s New Version History Mar 3, 2019 Version 4.7 Bug fixes and improvements Ratings and Reviews 1.8 out of 5 38 Ratings 38 Ratings digger105 , 2019-11-30 Keeps Locking Up! Love to keep reading updated news, but this app keeps locking up constantly! I have an IPhone X, and have to keep deleting and reinstalling this app! Please update this compatibility issue! really?689764467 , 2019-11-17 Ludicrous Ludicrous for a communication business to have a app that doesn’t work on new iphone Moosetafa02 , 2019-11-16 Freezing issues Doesn’t work with iOS 13 Information Seller Postmedia Network Inc. Size 147.8 MB Category News Compatibility Requires iOS 9.0 or later. Compatible with iPhone, iPad and iPod touch. Languages English Age Rating 4+ Copyright © 2008 - 2015 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Price Free In-App Purchases Full Access $9.99 App Support Privacy Policy App Support Privacy Policy Supports Family Sharing Up to six family members will be able to use this app with Family Sharing enabled. More By This Developer See All Canoe.com News Calgary Herald News Windsor Star News Montreal Gazette News Leader-Post News Edmonton Journal News You May Also Like See All The Chronicle Herald News Maclean’s Magazine News Canada Press News Toronto Star ePaper Edition News SaskAlert News CBC VR News More ways to shop: Visit an Apple Store, call 1-800-MY-APPLE, or find a reseller. Canada (English) Français Copyright © 2019 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Use of Cookies Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map