‎Thunderly on the App Store Global Nav Open Menu Global Nav Close Menu Apple Shopping Bag Search apple.com Cancel Apple Mac iPad iPhone Watch TV Music Support Shopping Bag Cancel App Store Preview This app is available only on the App Store for iPhone and iPad. Thunderly 4+ Lightning in real time Jan Plesek 4.3, 2.5K Ratings Free iPhone Screenshots Description Do you love storms as we do? Then you’ll love our app. At photorealistic globe you can see real time lightning all around the world. Besides accurate day and night cycle, globe contains real time clouds, precipitation and lightning history layer for last hour. For better resolution you can zoom into map detail. If you zoom really closely to your location, you can use start-stop feature to measure your distance from nearby storm. When no storm is close enough, feel free to “stream” lightnings via your camera flash from opposite side of the world to your living room. ...and one more thing: If you try hard enough we are pretty sure that you’ll find switch for real time aurora. Not as cool as lightning, but also kind of amazing! What’s New Version History Sep 19, 2018 Version 1.8 - minor bug fixes Ratings and Reviews 4.3 out of 5 2.5K Ratings 2.5K Ratings Sawyer Baran , 02/10/2018 Possible Update Ideas, Please Fix Bugs While the concept of this app is amazing, I wish there was a way to track the lightning you’ve seen on the app. You could have one section that shows a count of all lightning strikes you’ve seen on the app anywhere around the world, and a count of all lightning strikes that occurred within a 10 mile radius of your current location (that’s the distance the sound of thunder travels). It would game-ify the app, promoting its use during a storms. Also, the thunder sound effect doesn’t have the beautiful rolling/rumbling sound that follows the initial ‘Crack!’ sound. It would be cool to use as a white noise app when I’m trying to fall asleep, due to how realistic it is. The potential for this app is awesome. But I’m also experiencing visual issues. The only thing showing when zoomed out is a white square, with a glitchy earth appearing as I zoom in. Developer Response , Thanks for many interesting ideas. We will think about them for next updates! Also, the issue you mentioned is already fixed with recently released new stability update 1.5 22spitzname22 , 02/09/2018 beautiful + oddly calming Not sure why this is getting such bad reviews? I only installed it because I couldn’t figure out what could possibly be so awful about this app that sounded really neat and was one of the recommendations in the app store. I have not encountered any glitches at all. The app looks exactly like the pictures. You can toggle various options to feel vibration for the lightning, have a flash from the iPhone’s camera flash, and/or play a little recording of thunder for each lightning strike that occurs in your visible area. The farther out you are zoomed, the more lightning strikes you will catch, I think. Maybe if there is a more active storm, it would be better to be zoomed in? I’m not sure, but I’m excited to try it in a month or so when the Midwest thunderstorm season starts! I’m not sure what the person who only saw white and grey was talking about, there’s definitely a photorealistic globe. It’s pretty similar to Google Earth, but if you zoom in, you don’t see streets and such. Honestly that would just be distracting... You want to watch lightning, right? Why are you looking for streets all zoomed in? timeinator , 02/16/2018 [Fixed] impressed by the prompt update [UPDATE]: Not even 2 days after my review the bug was squashed and I finally got to experience the app in it's best light. It's beautiful. Graphics and haptic feedback and spot on. This app will in fact join my arsenal of weather tracking application. Great work team! 👍🏽👍🏽 If I may add one more note: when I'm playing music from my phone, the sounds of the app forces my music to stop playing music during say, the opening graphics and even just the sounds within the app itself. Is there a way to enable the sounds to just play over the music without interrupting? I'm not a fan of having my music shut off by any app. Information Seller Jan Plesek Size 118.6 MB Category Weather Compatibility Requires iOS 11.0 or later. Compatible with iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch. Languages English Age Rating 4+ Copyright © 2018 Jan Plešek Price Free Developer Website App Support Developer Website App Support Supports Family Sharing With Family Sharing set up, up to six family members can use this app. More By This Developer See All Beer Board Food & Drink Laundry Day - Care Symbol Reader Productivity Juggle monkey, juggle Health & Fitness You May Also Like See All RadarScope Weather Dark Sky Weather Weather BlitzortungLive Weather CARROT Weather Weather Weather¹ Weather Brella - Personal Weather Weather More ways to shop: Visit an Apple Store, call 1-800-MY-APPLE, or find a reseller. Choose your country or region Copyright © 2019 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map