‎The Sun - Rise and Fall on the App Store Global Nav Open Menu Global Nav Close Menu Apple Shopping Bag Search apple.com Cancel Apple Mac iPad iPhone Watch TV Music Support Shopping Bag Cancel App Store Preview This app is available only on the App Store for iPhone and iPad. The Sun - Rise and Fall 4+ Team Lundsgård 4.5, 209 Ratings Free Screenshots iPhone iPad Description Need to know when the sun goes up and down where you are right now? This application tells you that. You can also look into the future when the sun goes up and down on a certain date and at a particular location. This app is free (and always will be). What’s New Version History Aug 22, 2019 Version 1.9.6 * Solves issue with sun up time summary showed negative numbers for some time zones. - Many thanks to Harold B. and John S. for reporting this issue. Ratings and Reviews 4.5 out of 5 209 Ratings 209 Ratings larkview , 03/20/2019 Really pretty sky backgrounds plus fun information This app shows the time of sunrise, sunset, moonrise and set, how many hours until sunset, as well as how many hours of daylight for each day. It also has a scrolling calendar so you can see how many hours and minutes of daylight there will be for any future date. Yowzoe , 09/16/2018 Well done! Please keep developing it! After a long time of not looking, I use your app on my phone and iPad often, especially to marvel at how many minutes I lose it stay in the fall, and gain around the vernal equinox. Elegant presentation, a few little quibbles that I would ask you to consider: Many of the sunset photos are not really that great. Flickr and Google photos and so many other places have amazing amazing photos – could you not change your feed? Could you accommodate daylight savings time? This sums up the like button does not open the App Store – “Cannot open the App Store”. Also you missed spelled “ad” as “add”. Thanks for the free option to remove the banner ad! And thank you for an elegant, useful app! Cougrick , 11/27/2019 Notification on my watch stop after awhile. I love the concept, and I also love to have the app notify me on my watch, however, after awhile, the notifications stop coming. They do start again, once I open the app on my phone again. Information Seller Anders Lundsgard Size 37.3 MB Category Weather Compatibility Requires iOS 8.0 or later. Compatible with iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch. Languages English, French, German, Swedish Age Rating 4+ Copyright © 2019 Team Lundsgard Price Free Developer Website App Support Privacy Policy Developer Website App Support Privacy Policy Supports Family Sharing With Family Sharing set up, up to six family members can use this app. More By This Developer See All Roman Numerals - Converter Education You May Also Like See All CBS 6 Weather - Richmond, Va. Weather 9NEWS WX Weather WTVM Storm Team Weather Weather WSYR LiveDoppler9 LocalSYR Weather Storm Team 4 Weather Arkansas Storm Team Weather More ways to shop: Visit an Apple Store, call 1-800-MY-APPLE, or find a reseller. Choose your country or region Copyright © 2019 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map