‎USA Tides Free on the App Store Global Nav Open Menu Global Nav Close Menu Apple Shopping Bag Search apple.com Cancel Apple Mac iPad iPhone Watch TV Music Support Shopping Bag Cancel App Store Preview This app is available only on the App Store for iPhone and iPad. USA Tides Free 4+ Verona Solutions, LLC 2.9, 17 Ratings Free Screenshots iPhone iPad Description USA Tides provides marine tide information for all tide stations in the the US. Information is displayed in an easy to read format that gives you tide events as well as sunrise, sunset, moonrise, and moonset. You can choose tides for any stations and any date. Tide stations include primary as well as sub-stations. Application includes: * Tide data * Tide graph * Tide stations sorted by state * Favorite stations * Station distance from your location * Station map What’s New Version History Dec 4, 2016 Version 5.0 * New look and feel * Fixes to favorites and map issues in iOS10 Ratings and Reviews 2.9 out of 5 17 Ratings 17 Ratings Lighthouse Keepers , 08/14/2018 Location required, or it doesn't work. This little iPad has location services turned on, but I am often out in the Great Wide Open where there is no WiFi. No, there is no GPS on this unit. App not working. I use my cell connection for a hotspot. The app from Shelter Island can figure out where I am, but not this app. Developer Response , Please contact us at info@veronasolutions.net so we can help you. Kirby76320865 , 01/12/2017 Bad first impression of newbversion How can you mess up a simple app!! I lost all my favorite stations. And now I have to have location services just to use it?? LS is great for 1st time set up. Zero reason to be mandatory... Developer Response , In order for the app to display stations closest to your location it requires location services. We only require location service while the app is in the foreground. If this solves your issue, please consider revising your rating of the app. Ernie is annoyed , 04/18/2017 What happened to this app? Works perfectly for me now that I resolved my own operator error. Thanks to the developer for reaching out. Developer Response , If you look in the upper right there is an icon that looks like a map of the US. This will allow you to choose a different state. If this solves your issue, please consider revising your rating of the app. Information Seller Verona Solutions, LLC Size 29.3 MB Category Weather Compatibility Requires iOS 9.0 or later. Compatible with iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch. Languages English Age Rating 4+ Copyright © Verona Solutions, LLC. 2010 Price Free App Support App Support Supports Family Sharing With Family Sharing set up, up to six family members can use this app. More By This Developer See All NOAA Buoy and Tide Data Weather FL Saltwater Fishing Companion Sports TX Saltwater Fishing Companion Sports GA Saltwater Fishing Companion Sports SC Saltwater Fishing Companion Sports NJ Saltwater Fishing Companion Sports You May Also Like See All TideApp Weather UM Meteo + Weather UK Weather forecast Weather USA Weather forecast Weather FishWeather Weather Tide Chart USA Free Weather More ways to shop: Visit an Apple Store, call 1-800-MY-APPLE, or find a reseller. Choose your country or region Copyright © 2019 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map