‎WSFA First Alert Weather on the App Store Global Nav Open Menu Global Nav Close Menu Apple Shopping Bag Search apple.com Cancel Apple Mac iPad iPhone Watch TV Music Support Shopping Bag Cancel App Store Preview This app is available only on the App Store for iPhone and iPad. WSFA First Alert Weather 4+ Raycom Media Inc #160 in Weather 3.0, 71 Ratings Free Screenshots iPhone iPad Description The WSFA Mobile Weather App includes: * Access to station content specifically for our mobile users * 250 meter radar, the highest resolution available * Future radar to see where severe weather is headed * High resolution satellite cloud imagery * Current weather updated multiple times per hour * Daily and Hourly forecasts updated hourly from our computer models * Ability to add and save your favorite locations * A fully integrated GPS for current location awareness * Severe weather alerts from the National Weather Service * Opt-in push alerts to keep you safe in severe weather What’s New Version History Nov 1, 2019 Version 4.10.1601 * performance improvements Ratings and Reviews 3.0 out of 5 71 Ratings 71 Ratings mlhendricks , 05/11/2019 Hate changes in radar Just down loaded new update and the radar is terrible. Hate to have to change between them and harder to see what is going on. Change back to original radar or I will delete the app and use Rich Thomas. He is a better forecaster. I also hate having to watch the stupid commercials. TimmyFangs , 10/12/2017 Needs to be better. Too many ads!!! That’s two stars: one for being local and one for having the moon phase. It’s not accurate. Why do you have thunderstorm icons for a mostly clear forecast? And seriously... the ads. The ads make me not want to use an already canned app that every other news station uses. Get rid of the ads! Stewa073 , 06/14/2018 Data Usage I only use this app on WiFi now. It uses way to much data. The app is great besides that. Information Seller Raycom Media, Inc Size 106.7 MB Category Weather Compatibility Requires iOS 11.0 or later. Compatible with iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch. Languages English, Spanish Age Rating 4+ Copyright © The Weather Company Price Free Developer Website App Support Privacy Policy Developer Website App Support Privacy Policy Supports Family Sharing With Family Sharing set up, up to six family members can use this app. More By This Developer See All WIS News 10 FirstAlert Weather Weather FOX19 First Alert Weather Weather 14FirstAlert Weather TriState Weather WAFB First Alert Weather Weather WECT 6 First Alert Weather Weather WTOC First Alert Radar Weather You May Also Like See All Weather Radio by WDT Weather 3340 Weather Weather WKRG Weather Weather WTVM Storm Team Weather Weather Alabama SAF-T-Net Weather WDHN Weather DothanFirst.com Weather More ways to shop: Visit an Apple Store, call 1-800-MY-APPLE, or find a reseller. Choose your country or region Copyright © 2019 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map