‎WRCB Radar on the App Store Global Nav Open Menu Global Nav Close Menu Apple Shopping Bag Search apple.com Cancel Apple Mac iPad iPhone Watch TV Music Support Shopping Bag Cancel App Store Preview This app is available only on the App Store for iPhone and iPad. WRCB Radar 4+ WRCB-TV 2.7, 52 Ratings Free Screenshots iPhone iPad Description The best weather app in the Tennessee Valley gets even better! You spoke, and we've listened. Channel 3 knows that weather plays an important role in your life. It determines the route you take to work, how you make plans for the weekend and if the kids will have soccer practice. We've worked closely with our app development team to re-vamp the WRCB Radar app. Current conditions, with information generated by the Channel 3 Storm Alert Team, gives you a quick glimpse into what's going on outside right now. By scrolling down you can find conditions for the week ahead, our Live Stream, School Closings and new Traffic/Road Conditions. The new, high-resolution radar now has Storm Tracks, so you can tell if the storm is headed your way, and what areas around you may be affected. Be sure to turn on Alerts to be warned of dangerous weather in your locations. You'll be notified by our team of meteorologists and be prepared. What’s New Version History Nov 13, 2019 Version 4.10.1602 * performance improvements Ratings and Reviews 2.7 out of 5 52 Ratings 52 Ratings bartman40 , 08/13/2019 Good, but needs a update Your weather app is nice, but it needs a update. When you look at the radar. And it’s raining but on the radar it shows nothing. Fix this. HeatherLandry , 05/15/2019 🌈 ⛅️ Yep ☀️⛈ I like the app. Great radar! Only two things I want to mention. 1. Why does the radar clock use military time? At least make it optional. I find the 24 hour clock confusing. 2. The app sometimes loses its connection when you leave it for a while, which wouldn’t be a problem, except that you can’t close the pop-up connection-error box, so you’re forced to restart the app. So just add an exit to that error screen. Other than that, I’m enjoying the app and it has quickly become my go-to for weather, especially for your radar. I like having the earlier/now/later all in one place. Stephanie.plum , 05/04/2018 Older was better!!!! I am removing from my phone. I need weather at a glance. You old app did that and did it well. I purposely didn’t update because my wife told me how bad it was. Well the old app no longer works and I updated only to be disappointed. I should be able to look at the radar, current temp, maybe a couple 3 day forecast and if I want hourly or seven day just click a button. Very disappointed that the app go worse. Information Seller WRCB-TV Size 80.8 MB Category Weather Compatibility Requires iOS 11.0 or later. Compatible with iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch. Languages English, Spanish Age Rating 4+ Copyright © The Weather Company Price Free Developer Website App Support Privacy Policy Developer Website App Support Privacy Policy Supports Family Sharing With Family Sharing set up, up to six family members can use this app. You May Also Like See All News 3 - First Warning Weather Weather WREG Memphis Weather Weather WBIR10 WX Weather News 12 Now WDEF Weather WKYC Weather Weather LiveAlert 19 Huntsville WX Weather More ways to shop: Visit an Apple Store, call 1-800-MY-APPLE, or find a reseller. Choose your country or region Copyright © 2019 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map