‎WECT 6 First Alert Weather on the App Store Global Nav Open Menu Global Nav Close Menu Apple Shopping Bag Search apple.com Cancel Apple Mac iPad iPhone Watch TV Music Support Shopping Bag Cancel App Store Preview This app is available only on the App Store for iPhone and iPad. WECT 6 First Alert Weather 4+ Raycom Media Inc 3.7, 36 Ratings Free Screenshots iPhone iPad Description The WECT Mobile Weather App includes: * Access to station content specifically for our mobile users * 250 meter radar, the highest resolution available * Future radar to see where severe weather is headed * High resolution satellite cloud imagery * Current weather updated multiple times per hour * Daily and Hourly forecasts updated hourly from our computer models * Ability to add and save your favorite locations * A fully integrated GPS for current location awareness * Severe weather alerts from the National Weather Service * Opt-in push alerts to keep you safe in severe weather What’s New Version History Nov 1, 2019 Version 4.10.1601 * performance improvements Ratings and Reviews 3.7 out of 5 36 Ratings 36 Ratings Kattonn , 07/29/2018 Landscape? Would prefer to be able to use this app in landscape viewing as well. Otherwise a good app. Gabeross06 , 05/14/2018 Best weather app, hands down. The app is updated by ACTUAL meteorologists and not computers. Provides a more accurate forecast. I’d like to see the weather channel app do THAT! ZB919 , 06/07/2019 Update ruined it This app use to be the best weather app. This recent update has completely ruined it. The radar is always wrong h less you put it in motion and even then it’s terrible. Sometimes change isn’t good. And in this case the app was so much better before Information Seller Raycom Media, Inc Size 93.5 MB Category Weather Compatibility Requires iOS 11.0 or later. Compatible with iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch. Languages English, Spanish Age Rating 4+ Copyright © The Weather Company Price Free Developer Website App Support Privacy Policy Developer Website App Support Privacy Policy Supports Family Sharing With Family Sharing set up, up to six family members can use this app. More By This Developer See All WIS News 10 FirstAlert Weather Weather FOX19 First Alert Weather Weather 14FirstAlert Weather TriState Weather WAFB First Alert Weather Weather WTOC First Alert Radar Weather KAIT Region 8 Weather Weather You May Also Like See All WRAL Weather Weather WBTV First Alert Weather Weather WWAY TV3 StormTrack 3 Weather Weather FishWeather Weather WCTI Storm Track 12 Weather WPDE WX Weather More ways to shop: Visit an Apple Store, call 1-800-MY-APPLE, or find a reseller. Choose your country or region Copyright © 2019 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map