‎WSB-TV Weather on the App Store Global Nav Open Menu Global Nav Close Menu Apple Shopping Bag Search apple.com Cancel Apple Mac iPad iPhone Watch TV Music Support Shopping Bag Cancel App Store Preview This app is available only on the App Store for iPhone and iPad. WSB-TV Weather 4+ Cox Media Group 2.3, 70 Ratings Free Screenshots iPhone iPad Description Chief Meteorologist Glenn Burns and Severe Weather Team 2 have made the most accurate local weather app, “The WSBTV Weather App,” even better. Atlanta’s most powerful weather app includes the following: - There is a new radar in the weather app that matches the radar found on other digital platforms and also includes future radar to provide you with a likely path and outlook of storms. The radar has 250 meter resolution, the highest available. - New alert types - We added earthquakes and storm tracks as layers in the radar. Now you can track the location and magnitude of earthquakes as well for storms the speed, direction and type. Tap the “storm symbols” icon in the radar to see the list. - Push alerts are FREE for more than 25 alerts types including everything from tornado warnings to winter storm warnings and tropical storm alert types. - Now you can scroll through the home screen to access most of what you need or want on one tab. - Locally crafted forecasts - Select a location inside the Atlanta market to see a local forecast created by WSB’s local weather experts. The app also tells you which member of Severe Weather Team 2 crafted the local forecast. National applications that come pre-loaded on your phone don’t have local experts focused solely on getting the local forecast right every day. - Place a location pin precisely where you want it for a specific address or any position on a map. When saving a location you can name it exactly how you want it. - The app works with identical features on tablet and handset. The WSBTV Weather App also has these critical benefits and features: - The app is constantly updated with the latest area storm and forecast information and includes Severe Weather Team 2’s 5-day Forecast with the “Weekend Always in View.” - Live Stormtracker 2HD Radar zooms down to your neighborhood or zooms out to check radar anywhere in the country. - It provides Location-Based Storm Alerts. While many other apps offer alerts based on your county, The WSBTV Weather App supports a more precise type of alert issued for the most dangerous types of weather threats. More precision means you get alerts that matter to you, not false alarms. - Current conditions, hourly and daily forecasts for any location you enter. - Level 3 interactive radar, animation/loops and visible satellite map - Additional items added seasonally - High resolution satellite cloud imagery - Daily and Hourly forecasts updated hourly - Ability to add and save locations - A fully integrated GPS for current location awareness *Data and alerting available for the United States only. What’s New Version History Sep 12, 2019 Version 4.10.800 This release includes the following updates. Location Management - Press location in top bar to change, edit and add locations - In the left menu for changing locations, press the 3 dots next to the location to edit location settings and make a location capable of receiving push notifications. Visual Map Enhancements - New color palette makes it easier to see the difference between map-based alerts More Information Available on the Map - Pressing on map based Alerts will show the bulletin text - Pressing on Storm Tracks outlines possible storm threats - Pressing on Earthquakes or Tropical Tracks provides more detail than ever before As always we welcome your feedback! Ratings and Reviews 2.3 out of 5 70 Ratings 70 Ratings Nubluz , 04/25/2019 Liked the old version better My experience with the new iPhone app hadn’t been very good. I find the layout too small & congested for my phone. The previous layout was much more readable & I could see what I needed at a glance. Plus it seems to take forever to load if it loads at all. It likes to tell me I don’t have a network connection when in fact I do. Cellular & WiFi! The only fix for that is close the current session then try again. Or do what I’m starting to do now which is forget this app and fire up the Weather Channel app! Really, I expect better from WSB. app user 30306 , 06/01/2019 Old version was much better Your “upgrade” is much worse than the old version of this app. Like some of the other recent reviews, the app typically tells me that I don’t have a WiFi or internet connection. There’s actually two different messages. One I just hit ok, and one I hit retry. Of course, I always have wifi, a cell connection, or both, and I never have this problem with other apps. After getting past this, the app then very slowly loads. Once it loads, the temperature is on the home screen, but it won’t show the humidity there like the old app. I haven’t found humidity anywhere in the app. Of course, the video forecast auto plays, even though I don’t want to watch it. This video slows down the app and sometimes makes it impossible to scroll past the video to get to the hourly info below it. Then, almost half the time the app ends up crashing. I have no problems with video in other apps, just your new “upgraded” app. I don’t know what you were going for here, but it didn’t work. If you just wanted more ad space, then fix the connection problems, don’t have auto play on the video, and add humidity back as an option. Those problems aren’t related to ads. This used to be my go to weather app. I’m done with it until you fix the problems you created. It’s just not usable now. Having more ads doesn’t help if you have fewer people using your app. Ladyferns , 05/03/2019 Thanks for listening; you brought back some of the best features. Editing my below review of the 2019 redesign: You rearranged the home page so the video is no longer on top, and that’s good. Frequently I’m checking my weather app on the go and having all the info at first glance is important. I’d like a bit more information to be available on that top home block, especially relative humidity and maybe the days pollen count? You could add a touch link to see more on that top block so it shows what it does now with the additional info expandable so it wouldn’t take any more room. When I touch a day on the second section on the home screen I expect it go to that days hourly forecast if available, but instead I discover the whole row is only one link to all the days again, making the link kind of redundant. This has always been my favorite weather app, I check it a couple of times a day. Your redesign had completely changed it and had ruined a great app. It looked like a commercial instead of a useful app. Now you cleaned that up some, thanks! I don’t like the settings on the map, the video on the home page, or the trendy icons on the daily or hourly charts. The daily and hourly were easier to read at a quick glance before. I truly hope you revert the home page at least to the information that was there before and move the video off the home page. You seemed to take this advice and corrected part of it. I’ll get used to the trendy icons... thanks again for listening. Developer Response , Thank you for taking the time to write us. We truly value feedback from our users. The changes were implemented to update the app and add new, helpful features. One of the things we’re most excited about is customized notifications (meant to keep you informed and safe). We hope you’ll stick with us and come to love the app in the near future. If you have any additional questions, please feel free to reach out directly to the team at WSBWEB@wsbtv.com. Thanks! Information Seller Cox Media Group, Inc Size 87.2 MB Category Weather Compatibility Requires iOS 11.0 or later. Compatible with iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch. Languages English, Spanish Age Rating 4+ Copyright © 2019 Cox Media Group, Inc. and The Weather Company Price Free Developer Website App Support Privacy Policy Developer Website App Support Privacy Policy Supports Family Sharing With Family Sharing set up, up to six family members can use this app. More By This Developer See All 95.5 WSB News KIRO 7- Seattle Area News News WPXI Channel 11 News WSOC-TV News WSB-TV News News WFTV Eyewitness News News You May Also Like See All WSBTweather Weather 11Alive WX Weather Local Weather Radar & Forecast Weather DC Weather Radar and Alerts Weather FOX 5 Storm Team Weather Radar Weather Tornado: American Red Cross Weather More ways to shop: Visit an Apple Store, call 1-800-MY-APPLE, or find a reseller. Choose your country or region Copyright © 2019 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map