‎Weather - The Weather Channel on the App Store Global Nav Open Menu Global Nav Close Menu Apple Shopping Bag Search apple.com Cancel Apple Mac iPad iPhone Watch TV Music Support Shopping Bag Cancel App Store Preview This app is available only on the App Store for iPhone, iPad, and Apple TV. Weather - The Weather Channel 4+ Local maps and live rain radar The Weather Channel Interactive #1 in Weather 4.6, 899.3K Ratings Free Offers In-App Purchases Screenshots iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Description Discover weather maps, local forecast and a rain radar you can trust with The Weather Channel, an IBM Business. Stay up to date and safe no matter the weather with our live radar maps. Find all the weather information you need to plan ahead with confidence. We give you accurate weather forecast reports that can help you plan up to 15 days in advance - wherever you are! Plus, with our rain tracker, getting caught in a downpour will be a thing of the past. The Weather Channel: Top 3 Features 1. Plan your day up to two weeks in advance: trust our current conditions card with our Feels Like feature, local hourly & daily forecasts, and our Real Time Rain alerts with radar imagery - feel confident knowing what’s ahead. 2. Get your current conditions at a glance with weather data that’s relevant where you are.  You can find local maps and forecast on your homescreen, and breaking news videos with closed captioning! 3. Track the flu risk with Flu Insights with Watson: We can now predict the flu risk up to 15 days in advance and will alert you when there is an increase risk in your area so you can take action and prepare against the risk of flu. Plan outdoor activities with confidence. • Planning an adventure? Check the forecast and our Real Time Rain notifications, and find its clear radar imagery directly on your home screen. So you know in a second whether to pack a light or waterproof jacket! • Want to enjoy a crisp fall hike? Get detailed information on sunset times, allergies and pollen reports and much more.  • Run smart with GoRun! Find the best possible running conditions and plan your perfect route.  Keep informed on the latest weather news. • Stay safe during extreme weather events. We’ll send you live alerts , so you’ll always be prepared.  • Concerned about allergies? Get high-risk allergy alerts and check the pollutant levels in your area. • Check out Warming Signs with Kait Parker every Tuesday in Apple Podcasts Easily access all the weather information you need. • Quickly find all the weather data you care about in one place: your smart home screen! • Get precise weather updates, severe weather alerts and more of your favorite features right from your Apple Watch.   Subscribe to Premium! • Upgrade and remove all ads from your weather app by purchasing an annual subscription. • Discover Windstream: a new, animated map layer where you can track wind speed and direction. • Enjoy Enhanced Lightning: the lightning radius is now 3 times wider, and covers 30 miles. You can cancel your Weather Channel subscription anytime through your iTunes account settings, or it will automatically renew. This must be done 24 hours before the end of any subscription period to avoid being charged another fee. Subscription payments will be charged to your iTunes account at confirmation of your purchase and upon commencement of each renewal term. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use. ----- Privacy & Feedback • Our Privacy Policy can be viewed here: https://weather.com/en-US/twc/privacy-policy   • Our Terms of Use can be viewed here:http://www.weather.com/common/home/legal.html  • If you have any questions or suggestions about our weather service, please do not hesitate to get in touch at iphonesupport@weather.com. What’s New Version History Nov 21, 2019 Version 11.4 We’re constantly working to improve your app experience. In this update: • Bug fixes & performance enhancements Email us at iphonesupport@weather.com with any suggestions or questions. Ratings and Reviews 4.6 out of 5 899.3K Ratings 899.3K Ratings Elksom , 07/25/2019 My favorite app I used to rely on the standard Apple weather app that is pre-installed on the iPhone to receive all my forecast knowledge. I had been using it for years to check the weather and daily temp until one day my mother told me to check the radar... what radar? “The radar on the weather channel app,” she replied. As soon as I downloaded this app my life changed. View the radar when storms are coming, videos about current weather and environment news, warning and watch notifications for changes in weather... it’s amazing! Somehow your friends always think you’re smarter when you know the weather. Thanks, weather channel app, for always telling me when it’s going to rain, you’ve saved a few ruined bonfires! Plus it tells you what time down to the minute it will start raining... and it’s always pretty accurate! All in all, this app is pretty great. It’s like the weather app of my dreams I didn’t know was the weather app of my dreams until I had it. Through everything the app has always been there for me, telling me an accurate forecast and alerting me with weather notifications. Sometimes getting notifications from the weather channel app is even better than getting a text from my boyfriend. The weather channel app is easily my favorite app. Trusty, reliable, and always tells you the weather. No strings attached! Developer Response , Thanks for the feedback! Have a great summer. Frustrated former app user , 10/13/2018 Less useful since update 2018 I used this app multiple times per day in the past but since the 2018 update, I have hardly used it at all. The data is accurate. It is hard to find the info you need. They now have boxes on the screen with different info. The screen is so chopped up you can’t see enough of any one thing to figure out what it is. The previous version was better when current details were on the first screen and you could scroll down to whatever section you need. There was enough info on the screen to understand and you had the option to tap an arrow to get more detailed info if you wish. Now I see 2 or 3 words, then a box with an ad, then 4 or 5 words and then another ad. Nothing is obvious that you can tap to get more details. I hate tapping all over the screen to figure out what gives more details since the first screen is useless and there is nothing to indicate how to get details. Please revise back similar to the previous functionality which was efficient and obvious how to operate the app! I haven’t ever written a review before when an app changed, but this one is so bad it deserves a comment. The only reason that it gets 2 stars is because the data is accurate if you are ever able to get to it. Honey Moon Pie , 10/15/2019 What happened I liked the fact that being older than dirt I could put this on my iPad and make things bigger so that I could see and read everything. I liked the setup except that as with all things meteorologists have a harder time knowing what is going to happen and make guesses as to times of stuff. GOd still has control on most things and weather seems to be changing in our world also. So old age is not the only things that change in life. Why everyone uses light gray writing on a white background and expect someone to be able to see it is idiotic at best. I know all of the younger generation may like new update but I personally liked the old one best. There may have been a few things to change but wish you would make so people had a choice. Older people seem to never get a choice any more. At least there are many more apps I can go to and pray to find one I like. Thanks for nothing but causing me more problems with computers which I am getting ever more aggravated with. Not all old people want so many changes in their later years. Every time I finally get used to something, you geniuses decide to change all around. Just getting used to phones and iPads and all their changes every other day is enough to drive someone crazy and I don’t need any help since as you get older people don’t give me credit for having a lot of common since anyway! Thanks at least for trying to please all the people in the world. Information Seller The Weather Channel Size 244.5 MB Category Weather Compatibility Requires iOS 12.0 and watchOS 4.0 or later. Compatible with iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch. Apple TV. Languages English, Arabic, Catalan, Croatian, Czech, Danish, Dutch, Finnish, French, German, Greek, Hebrew, Hindi, Hungarian, Indonesian, Italian, Japanese, Korean, Malay, Norwegian Bokmål, Polish, Portuguese, Romanian, Russian, Simplified Chinese, Slovak, Spanish, Swedish, Thai, Traditional Chinese, Turkish, Ukrainian, Vietnamese Age Rating 4+ Location This app may use your location even when it isn't open, which can decrease battery life. Copyright © Copyright 2019 TWC Product and Technology, LLC Price Free In-App Purchases Remove Ads $3.99 The Weather Channel Premium $9.99 The Weather Channel Premium $0.99 more Developer Website App Support License Agreement Privacy Policy Developer Website App Support License Agreement Privacy Policy Supports Family Sharing With Family Sharing set up, up to six family members can use this app. More By This Developer See All Storm - Weather radar & maps Weather You May Also Like See All WeatherBug – Weather Forecast Weather AccuWeather: Weather Radar Weather MyRadar Weather Radar Weather Weather Underground Weather Weather Radar NOAA Weather Weather Live゜ Weather More ways to shop: Visit an Apple Store, call 1-800-MY-APPLE, or find a reseller. Choose your country or region Copyright © 2019 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map