‎Weather · on the App Store Global Nav Open Menu Global Nav Close Menu Apple Shopping Bag Search apple.com Cancel Apple Mac iPad iPhone Watch TV Music Support Shopping Bag Cancel App Store Preview This app is available only on the App Store for iPhone and iPad. Weather · 4+ Local Radar & Storm Tracker Luni #11 in Weather 4.6, 42.1K Ratings Free Offers In-App Purchases Screenshots iPhone iPad Description Meet Weather. The most beautiful weather app. Ever. Now available on the App Store. Don't let bad weather take you by surprise! Whether it is cloudy, raining, snowing or even stormy outside, Weather will provide you with current weather conditions and forecast in your city and multiple locations all around the world. Cold or warm weather, it will magically come alive on the crisp screen of your iOS device. You won’t even have to look out the window as Weather will make you feel like you are already outside! This app contains subscription : - You can subscribe for premium account with detailed forecasts, premium maps and no ads - Subscription is from $39.99 USD yearly, with monthly and quarter plan available Links to our ToS and Privacy Policy https://sites.google.com/view/weatherpolicy What’s New Version History Oct 3, 2019 Version 2.0.3 - Fix bug with accumulated humidity - Fix bug with iOS 13 navigation bar in Dark mode Ratings and Reviews 4.6 out of 5 42.1K Ratings 42.1K Ratings gallyflower , 09/17/2019 I love ❤️ this app Thanks for this app. I appreciate the help of your app. I everyday needs to know how’s it tomorrow or when it will happen. I hope you can make more of those awesome and interesting apps. This app shows me everything I need to know about the weathers. It shows me how’s it like tomorrow, what’s it’s like on what day, when it starts the different temperatures and others! I would like to have this app on all my technologies. I wish that you guys can make more different apps that are like this. Can you? Please say yes!!! Love Yu Chen Yang, Fourth Grader P.S.1 P.S,I love you so, so much,goodbye! Tyler #%Guy Plez_Now , 07/09/2019 Better weather app than the one apple has This is the best weather app ever! Seems like there are no problems to me ever anyways the forecast lags a little bit as I zoom out but I think this is really a good app and when I bought it nothing bad really happened and I think this is a greatest app than the one apple has , also I am giving this app a 5.0 rated stars ✨ also nobody has ever purchased the premium because it seems like there is a glitch with the radar and that when you click “X” that the premium prevents you from checking the radar but the reason why people seem upset is because it seems like nobody wants to waste money on the premium because it turns out it doesn’t seem good to me at all. So I made a mistake saying 5.0 stars and now going for a 3 stars ✨ and please fix the glitch because the premium won’t let anybody use the radar at all and I’ve seen it personally . Pokebored1 , 08/24/2018 Shady company This is the shadiest app made by the shadiest people. Once downloaded, you open the app and the first thing you see is a big “start” button, what you don’t pay attention to is the light grey text telling you that pressing the “start” button is starting you for a $4.99 a week trial, and if you have the fingerprint ID your finger is probably already on the scanner, or you see the prompt and automatically scan your finger, or you have the Face ID and it scans it right through. Within seconds I had subscribed $4.99 a week to this app. Luckily, I immediately went into my Apple account and deleted the subscription before I was charged, but after reading the reviews I see other people were not so lucky. This company is absolutely terrible. I will never again download an app from this company, and neither should anyone else. Information Seller Luni Size 123.5 MB Category Weather Compatibility Requires iOS 10.0 or later. Compatible with iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch. Languages English, Dutch, French, German, Italian, Japanese, Korean, Portuguese, Russian, Spanish, Swedish, Turkish Age Rating 4+ Copyright © TinyLab Price Free In-App Purchases Remove Ads $1.99 Premium $9.99 Pro Version $4.99 more App Support Privacy Policy App Support Privacy Policy Supports Family Sharing With Family Sharing set up, up to six family members can use this app. More By This Developer See All Calendar · Productivity Scanner · Business Translator · Productivity Bible · Reference Live Wallpapers · Lifestyle Video Editor · Photo & Video You May Also Like See All Weather - The Weather Channel Weather AccuWeather: Weather Radar Weather Météo-France Weather Weather⁺ Weather Weather & Radar USA Weather Yahoo Weather Weather More ways to shop: Visit an Apple Store, call 1-800-MY-APPLE, or find a reseller. Choose your country or region Copyright © 2019 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map