‎WDAF Fox 4 Kansas City Weather on the App Store Global Nav Open Menu Global Nav Close Menu Apple Shopping Bag Search apple.com Cancel Apple Mac iPad iPhone Watch TV Music Support Shopping Bag Cancel App Store Preview This app is available only on the App Store for iPhone and iPad. WDAF Fox 4 Kansas City Weather 4+ Tribune Broadcasting Company 2.9, 30 Ratings Free Screenshots iPhone iPad Description The WDAF Mobile Weather App includes: * Access to station content specifically for our mobile users * 250 meter radar, the highest resolution available * Future radar to see where severe weather is headed * High resolution satellite cloud imagery * Current weather updated multiple times per hour * Daily and Hourly forecasts updated hourly from our computer models * Ability to add and save your favorite locations * A fully integrated GPS for current location awareness * Severe weather alerts from the National Weather Service * Opt-in push alerts to keep you safe in severe weather What’s New Version History Nov 12, 2019 Version 4.10.1602 * performance improvements Ratings and Reviews 2.9 out of 5 30 Ratings 30 Ratings Geomutt , 09/05/2016 Mixed--some really good, some not so much The content merits five stars, especially Joe Lauria's blog and the almanac. However, from a technical perspective it's definitely a one-star product (at least on an iOS 9+ platform). When opening the blog it autoscrolls to the very end; to get to the beginning you have to scroll back through all the trash links and ads to the blogs, and it usually crashes before I can get to the beginning. DianaDartist , 06/11/2019 Changed to poor visual distinction I selected this local app for the easy to see visuals on the storm-track radar. The newest update made the green storm tracks the same green as the rain so you can’t see them as well. It also changes the entire map view. It puzzles me, with the huge Boomer population aging, that apps don’t consider visual ease for aging eyesight. Apps keep going smaller and less distinctive, and this app just did it as well. Time for a new weather app. Bobm1972 , 03/14/2018 Fun Facts 1. Kansas City was formed in Missouri before Kansas was even a state. 2. The name of the app has "Kansas City Weather" in the title. So If you live in Utah this app may let you down a bit. Try looking for an app from one of your local news stations. That being said the app is not so good. Too buggy. It opens but it takes around 30 seconds for the screens to show up if they show up at all. Works great the first couple of times but then fizzled out. Information Seller TRIBUNE BROADCASTING COMPANY INC Size 72.4 MB Category Weather Compatibility Requires iOS 11.0 or later. Compatible with iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch. Languages English, Spanish Age Rating 4+ Copyright © The Weather Company Price Free Developer Website App Support Privacy Policy Developer Website App Support Privacy Policy Supports Family Sharing With Family Sharing set up, up to six family members can use this app. More By This Developer See All Pinpoint Weather - KDVR & KWGN Weather FOX8 Cleveland Weather Weather Fox8 Max Weather Weather 5 NEWS Weather Weather WNEP Stormtracker 16 Weather Weather News 3 - First Warning Weather Weather You May Also Like See All WUSA 9 WEATHER Weather EF Scale Weather AeroPlus Aviation Weather Weather WillItRain Weather My Meteo Weather FOX 4: DFW WAPP - Weather Weather More ways to shop: Visit an Apple Store, call 1-800-MY-APPLE, or find a reseller. Choose your country or region Copyright © 2019 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map