‎Weather Live゜ on the App Store Global Nav Open Menu Global Nav Close Menu Apple Shopping Bag Search apple.com Cancel Apple Mac iPad iPhone Watch TV Music Support Shopping Bag Cancel App Store Preview This app is available only on the App Store for iPhone and iPad. Weather Live゜ 4+ Local Forecast & Rain Alerts Apalon Apps #13 in Weather 4.6, 180.2K Ratings Free Offers In-App Purchases Screenshots iPhone iPad Apple Watch Description With Weather Live゜, planning your day-to-day activities is easier than ever before: simply choose the weather parameters you want to track, which layout you prefer, and view your customized weather forecast! Feast your eyes on the breathtaking weather backgrounds that make the forecast as visual as nature itself. WEATHER AT A GLANCE - Accurate 24-hour and 7-day forecasts and local time for multiple locations all over the world; - Animated weather scenes reflecting weather conditions; - Bad weather warnings and alerts to give you a heads up about severe weather in your area; - Adjustable weather layouts — choose which weather parameters you’d like to see first; - Daily weather reports with important information. INSIGHTFUL DETAILS - Today's Min, Max and "Feels Like" temperature; - Pressure in inches, mm, kPa or mbar; - Precipitation and humidity info; - Wind speed and direction; - Sunrise/Sunset and Moonrise/Moonset time; - Golden hour and Blue hour; - UV and Visibility details; - Dew Point info; - Wind Chill; - Fahrenheit/Celsius and Miles/Kilometers; - 12 or 24-hour time format. SIMPLICITY OF USE - Useful weather widget: choose a detailed or compact view and enjoy quick access to your forecast; - Handy Apple Watch app: view the current weather conditions and the forecast for the coming hours right on your watch face. Get Weather Live゜and be prepared for any weather! Please note that some supplementary features in the basic (free) version are subject to limitations (ex. UV index, Sun and Moon, Visibility, etc.). These limitations are also subject to change. Get Weather Live Premium: - 14-day hourly forecast; - Interactive weather maps; - Hurricane Tracker; - Lightning Tracker; - Air Quality; - Ad-free experience. * Subscription payments will be charged to your iTunes account at confirmation of your purchase. * Subscriptions will automatically renew and payment will be charged to your iTunes account unless auto-renew is turned off at least 24 hours prior to the end of the current period. The cost of the renewal depends on your Subscription Plan. Our standard Subscription Plans are: * 1-week Subscription with a 3-day Trial (2.99 USD) * 1-month Subscription with a 3-day Trial (5.99 USD) * 1-year Subscription (19.99 USD) * Subscription with a free trial period will automatically renew to a paid subscription. You can cancel or manage your free trial's auto-renewal in your Account Settings after purchase. The cancellation will take effect 24-hours after the last day of the current subscription period and you will be downgraded to the free service. * Please note: any unused portion of a free trial period (if offered) will be forfeited when you purchase a premium subscription during the free trial period. Privacy Policy: http://www.apalon.com/privacy_policy.html EULA: http://www.apalon.com/terms_of_use.html AdChoices: http://www.apalon.com/privacy_policy.html#4 What’s New Version History Oct 18, 2019 Version 6.10.0 - Performance and stability improvements. Thank you for your continued support and comments! Do not hesitate to share your feedback with us via support@apalon.com. Ratings and Reviews 4.6 out of 5 180.2K Ratings 180.2K Ratings LadyFiana , 01/15/2019 Weather: It’s very important and informative!! Everyone should be interested in the weather they are going to be out in, breathing the kind of air we have to now. This app is especially informative and pretty to look at, all at the same time! Our weather is one of the foremost topics in the news, our children’s children’s futures, and what is happening all around the world every second of every day. A look into a tiny piece of what’s ahead of us, It’s important to us all. You wouldn’t take a short trip into a forecasted storm, hurricane or blizzard would you, not if you could avoid having a bad experience. Sure you can call at the destinations end, but what about the middle part of your trip/week? Weather is nature, and we all know how unpredictable nature can be. Not all things on your computers, iPads or iPhones are really important to guide you through your week. It’s nice to know you have immediate options to plan your trip/week with a simple push of a button, isn’t it? I like knowing and seeing a little ahead, we have way to much stress in our lives, this app is a plus! Don’t forget, the atmosphere everywhere HAS & will now forever KEEP changing! I live on the west coast, and it’s disappearing. Soon it will be gone. Malibu & Hwy.#1 (the coast Hwy.) will be a place in history. I’ve been watching it everyday for many years!! That’s weather changes my friends! Have great days ahead, West Coast Diana Developer Response , Thank you for your kind words! We are always working on the app in order to bring it to the next level. If you have any ideas that would make the app even better for you - please feel free to share with us in the comments or at support@apalon.com. Your contribution is greatly appreciated! Divine beginnings , 04/02/2019 Great App I love this app it’s how I get my grandson ready for school I check the weather in 2 cities the one we live in and the one he goes to school in to properly get him ready and it’s never far off. I have relied on it for our first two years of school and I will use it to travel w/ family to various locations....I love it and it’s great and very helpful to me when I’m in school as I went back to get my degree in psychology and I was required to take a astronomy class and it helped me remember the phases of the moon each day it told me the times the sun would rise & set as well as those times for the moon it gives the moons general location if u upgrade and tap on that part of the app/tab... I’m not sure how it could be made better or if it can be made better but up til this point it has served me well and I just love it...🥰😍😘 Mstabatha57 Developer Response , Thank you for your kind words! We are always working on the app in order to bring it to the next level. If you have any ideas that would make the app even better for you - please feel free to share with us in the comments or at support@apalon.com. Your contribution is greatly appreciated! Reyerdaisy , 07/03/2018 Informative and easy to understand While this app is informative and easy to comprehend, it would be helpful to have an EASY way to clear the notification to get the abnormally large number in red on the corner of the app-so far I have had no luck in discovering how to clear the numbers of the app icon. I love the information you provide, and the only other thing I could suggest was an explanation of what certain things mean. For example, there is a UV scale and there is no gram of reference for an explanation of the scale-it’s basically a number 1-12 and says 11 is high up rays and to take care when exposed but in all honesty it is just a number to me, simply because I don’t understand the scale. It would be helpful to have a bit of educational material to explain what different things mean and how they actually affect your environment. Thanks for all the work you have done on this app! I really enjoy it, I am just that big a nerd to want to actually understand all the info you provide! 😁 Developer Response , Thank you for the review. The large number in the red circle display current temperature for the first notification in your list. If you feel it's bothering you please go to the app's settings - Display tab - disable Shown temperature on badge. We will also consider your suggestion about the UV scale comments in our future updates. Thank you for using our app! Information Seller IAC Search & Media Europe Ltd. Size 145.6 MB Category Weather Compatibility Requires iOS 10.0 and watchOS 3.0 or later. Compatible with iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch. Languages English, Danish, Dutch, French, German, Indonesian, Italian, Japanese, Korean, Norwegian Bokmål, Polish, Portuguese, Russian, Simplified Chinese, Spanish, Swedish, Thai, Traditional Chinese, Turkish, Vietnamese Age Rating 4+ Copyright © 2014-2019 IAC Search & Media Technologies Limited Price Free In-App Purchases Weather Live Premium $0.99 Weather Live Premium $2.99 Weather Live Premium $4.99 more Developer Website App Support License Agreement Privacy Policy Developer Website App Support License Agreement Privacy Policy Supports Family Sharing With Family Sharing set up, up to six family members can use this app. More By This Developer See All Wallpapers & Themes for Me Entertainment Alarm Clock for Me - Wake Up! Utilities NOAA Weather Radar Live Weather Speak & Translate - Translator Productivity Productive - Habit Tracker Productivity Scanner for Me: Scan documents Business You May Also Like See All WeatherBug – Weather Forecast Weather Weather - The Weather Channel Weather AccuWeather: Weather Radar Weather MyRadar Weather Radar Weather Weather & Radar USA Weather Yahoo Weather Weather More ways to shop: Visit an Apple Store, call 1-800-MY-APPLE, or find a reseller. Choose your country or region Copyright © 2019 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map