‎WSOC-TV Channel 9 Weather App on the App Store Global Nav Open Menu Global Nav Close Menu Apple Shopping Bag Search apple.com Cancel Apple Mac iPad iPhone Watch TV Music Support Shopping Bag Cancel App Store Preview This app is available only on the App Store for iPhone and iPad. WSOC-TV Channel 9 Weather App 4+ Cox Media Group 2.3, 21 Ratings Free Screenshots iPhone iPad Description Chief Meteorologist Steve Udelson and Severe Weather Center 9 meteorologists have made the most accurate local weather app, “The WSOC-TV Weather App,” even better. Charlotte’s most powerful weather app includes the following: Summary of Features: - There is a new radar in the weather app that matches the radar found on other digital platforms and also includes future radar to provide you with a likely path and outlook of storms. The radar has 250 meter resolution, the highest available. - New tracks - We added earthquakes and storm tracks as layers in the radar. Now you can track the location and magnitude of earthquakes as well for storms the speed, direction and type. Tap the “storm symbols” icon in the radar to see the list. - Locally crafted forecasts. Select a location inside the Charlote market to see a local forecast created by WSOC-TV’s local weather experts. The app tells you which member of Severe Weather Center 9 crafted the local forecast. National applications that come pre-loaded on your phone don’t have local experts focused solely on getting the local forecast right every day. - Push alerts are FREE for more than 25 alert types including everything from tornado warnings to winter storm warnings and tropical storm alert types. - Now you can scroll through the home screen to access most of what you need or want on one tab. - Place a location pin precisely where you want it for a specific address or any position on a map. When saving a location you can name it exactly how you want it. - The app works with identical features on tablet and handset. - Additional items added seasonally The weather app also has these critical benefits and features: - The radar zooms down to your neighborhood or zooms out to check radar anywhere in the country. - The app provides Location-Based alerts. While many other apps offer alerts based on your county, This app supports a more precise type of alert issued for the most dangerous types of weather threats. More precision means you get alerts that matter to you, not false alarms. - Current conditions, hourly and daily forecasts for any location you enter. - High resolution satellite cloud imagery - Ability to add and save locations - A fully integrated GPS for current location awareness - Additional items added seasonally *Data and alerting available for the United States only. What’s New Version History Sep 12, 2019 Version 4.10.800 This release includes the following updates. Location Management - Press location in top bar to change, edit and add locations - In the left menu for changing locations, press the 3 dots next to the location to edit location settings and make a location capable of receiving push notifications. Visual Map Enhancements - New color palette makes it easier to see the difference between map-based alerts More Information Available on the Map - Pressing on map based Alerts will show the bulletin text - Pressing on Storm Tracks outlines possible storm threats - Pressing on Earthquakes or Tropical Tracks provides more detail than ever before As always we welcome your feedback! Ratings and Reviews 2.3 out of 5 21 Ratings 21 Ratings RoanCharlie , 07/04/2019 New weather system You had a good working radar. The new one is seriously inadequate. Please go back to your previous radar. Radar is important to me. Rdonson , 05/10/2019 Say What? Previous versions of the app had the ability to view video of the most recent weather forecast. This was useful to those of us who were interested in weather. The WSOC-TV meteorologists do a great job. What knucklehead thought that the streaming video of anything but weather would be meaningful in this app? Whoever that was kick them in the shins or give them a dope slap. KittieKat121 , 05/01/2019 Terrible This was my favorite weather app until the update. It’s terrible now. I hate everything about it. It’s even hard to read now. The printing is so small you need 20/20 vision, and the low contrast between the background and the printing adds to the difficulty. I prefer using local weather apps so I will be going with the WBTV weather app. Information Seller Cox Media Group, Inc Size 91.1 MB Category Weather Compatibility Requires iOS 11.0 or later. Compatible with iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch. Languages English, Spanish Age Rating 4+ Copyright © 2019 Cox Media Group, Inc. and The Weather Company Price Free Developer Website App Support Privacy Policy Developer Website App Support Privacy Policy Supports Family Sharing With Family Sharing set up, up to six family members can use this app. More By This Developer See All 95.5 WSB News KIRO 7- Seattle Area News News WPXI Channel 11 News WSOC-TV News WSB-TV News News WFTV Eyewitness News News You May Also Like See All WIS News 10 FirstAlert Weather Weather WECT 6 First Alert Weather Weather News 9 Weather Weather WBTV First Alert Weather Weather Local Weather Radar & Forecast Weather KATV Channel 7 Weather Weather More ways to shop: Visit an Apple Store, call 1-800-MY-APPLE, or find a reseller. Choose your country or region Copyright © 2019 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map