‎Weather Underground on the App Store Global Nav Open Menu Global Nav Close Menu Apple Shopping Bag Search apple.com Cancel Apple Mac iPad iPhone Watch TV Music Support Shopping Bag Cancel App Store Preview This app is available only on the App Store for iPhone and iPad. Weather Underground 4+ Hyper-Local Forecast Weather Underground, LLC #6 in Weather 4.2, 33.5K Ratings Free Offers In-App Purchases Screenshots iPhone iPad Apple Watch Description Weather Underground for iPhone, iPad, and Apple Watch is your everything weather app. Powered by our network of 270,000+ personal weather stations, this free weather app provides accurate hyper-local forecasts and current conditions, interactive nexrad radar, customizable weather alerts, and much more to ensure you’re always prepared for whatever the weather brings. Check current & future weather conditions • Get current weather conditions from local weather stations or drop a pin in your neighborhood • Stay updated with the best weather data including temperature, “feels like”, wind speed, wind direction, today’s rain accumulation, humidity, dew point, visibility, and pressure • Swipe through hour-by-hour and 10-day forecasts including chance of precipitation and daily weather summaries • Compare today’s weather with local historical data • Explore detailed weather data like air quality, UV index, local flu outbreaks, sunrise & sunset and moonrise & moonset • Customize your app experience with light & dark modes, map types, units and rearrangeable tiles • Smart Weather Forecasts - set your ideal weather conditions for outdoor activities and we’ll tell you when to go • Discover real-time weather from webcams around the world What makes Weather Underground different from other weather apps? Interactive radar maps & severe weather The most interactive weather map on mobile allows you to select from different weather overlays personal weather stations, nexrad radar. satellite, heat maps, rain accumulation and weather webcams. Customize the map by selecting specific weather data layers or choose from the various map presets. Keep an eye out for extreme weather and always be prepared with severe weather alerts. Accurate hyper-local forecasts Our 270,000+ personal weather stations report the most accurate local weather conditions. The data that we collect from personal weather stations fills in the gaps between the airport weather stations that other weather services rely upon to generate forecasts - meaning our data is generated from actual data points in your neighborhood. Report your local weather Tell us if the sky conditions we’re reporting are what you're actually observing. If you see something different you can report the current weather conditions in your location for the benefit of other app users. Hazard reports allow you to report any hazardous road conditions to help other people in your area. “Weather Underground combines a slick design with a focus on really useful weather information.” - PC Magazine “What really helps this weather app stand out is its 'hyper-local' data from enthusiast weather stations around the world." - TIME Magazine About Weather Underground Founded in 1995 as the first online weather service, Weather Underground supplies weather data solutions to many of the leading media companies and millions of users across the globe through their mobile apps and website wunderground.com. With over 270,000 personal weather stations worldwide, Weather Underground is able to provide meaningful and reliable weather data to people in real-time. Weather Underground is part of the Weather Company, an IBM business, and based in San Francisco, California. What’s New Version History Jul 24, 2019 Version 5.12.1 We are constantly working to improve your app experience. In this update you’ll find: • Performance enhancements and crash fixes • Last viewed location again appears on standard app launch • Temporary removal of video feature As always, we appreciate your feedback. Please email us at feedback@wunderground.com with any suggestions or questions. If you like these changes, please let us know by rating and reviewing us in the App Store! Ratings and Reviews 4.2 out of 5 33.5K Ratings 33.5K Ratings DonPablo21 , 07/24/2019 Pretty good app once again UPDATE (5.x, 4 stars): Back a few years later for another look after Storm Radar went premium-only for basic features. This now allows users to reorganize or remove tiles, which reduces the scrolling to get to the features you use most, and the most important info fits on the first screen again. The $1.99/year option to remove ads works for me. But there is still too much wasted space (more than enough white space in the main screen for them to add the contents of the Details tile) and many radar layers/features are missing (pushing users toward Storm Radar premium). ORIGINAL (3.0, 2 stars): The previous version was easily the best weather app: a single iPhone screen gave access to the current weather conditions, extended forecast, and local weather map -- and clicking on the relevant parts of the screen would bring up hourly forecasts for each day in the extended forecast, a full-screen weather map, or more details about the current conditions. Now they've decided to expand this main view to require 3 screens of scrolling to see the same information. If you enjoy scrolling through lots of unnecessary content while you're looking for the basics, this update might be for you. Moreweatherdataplease , 07/18/2019 Best weather app I absolutely *adore* this weather app. I love that I can choose local weather stations that private individuals have set up, and I also can choose multiple weather stations near (blocks away, and in different directions from) where I live. SF Bay Area microclimates are really difficult to deal with, lan for,,and dress for — unless you use the Wunderground weather app. I love the accuracy of their weather-now data an& hourly forecasts. When I have Wunderground running, as well as other weather apps, 95 % of the time or more, Wunderground data is much more accurate than the other other weather apps. I love that I can get daily & hourly forecasts, as well as detailed info rain/precipitation; wind speed & direction,; moon phases including new, half, & full moon dates; & more. I love that I can set up a home location; & also can have multiple other cities that I frequently visit. I love that there Windergrojnd has both an pp and widgets. And I love l that I can choose a dark background or light background. My only suggestions / constructive criticisms / suggestions are: 1. the way one must access the non-home lovcstions could be more intuitive; and 2. the service outages, though not often, happen more than I would like. But when thevoutages occur the inadequacies of other weather apps and the lack of features and data are always a great reminder of why Wunderground is such a great weather app. Cindy from Wisconsin , 06/29/2019 Best I’ve Tried This gives you real time weather alerts almost as soon as it’s issued from the National Weather Service. It also tells you if it’s going to rain at a certain time. Weather bug and Weather Channel only tell you about alerts if you have the app open and are using it. Big disappointment. Deleted them. This has a text type alert tone and banner but it’s not obtrusive. I also like the weather instrument readings if you are more into forecasting, such as barometer reading, wind direction. You have the option of checking out weather station readings for operators in your neighborhood! Another good one is 1Weather. They both have frequent updates and storm tracking. Highly recommend! I’ve had several NIAA weather radios that didn’t work. This is reliable all the time and I always have my phone with me. It tracks along with me when I’m away from home at various job sites. Developer Response , Thank you for this feedback. We appreciate your taking the time to let us know what's working and what's not. We do have a team currently working on updates and performance improvements. I hope you will continue to be patient with us. Regards, WU Product Team Information Seller Weather Underground, LLC Size 247.2 MB Category Weather Compatibility Requires iOS 11.0 and watchOS 4.0 or later. Compatible with iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch. Languages English, Catalan, Croatian, Czech, Danish, Dutch, Finnish, French, German, Greek, Hindi, Hungarian, Indonesian, Italian, Japanese, Korean, Malay, Norwegian, Norwegian Bokmål, Polish, Portuguese, Romanian, Russian, Simplified Chinese, Slovak, Spanish, Swedish, Thai, Traditional Chinese, Turkish, Ukrainian, Vietnamese Age Rating 4+ Copyright © Copyright TWC Product and Technology LLC 2011, 2019 Price Free In-App Purchases One year ad-free weather $1.99 Developer Website App Support Privacy Policy Developer Website App Support Privacy Policy Supports Family Sharing With Family Sharing set up, up to six family members can use this app. You May Also Like See All WeatherBug – Weather Forecast Weather Weather - The Weather Channel Weather AccuWeather: Weather Radar Weather MyRadar Weather Radar Weather Dark Sky Weather Weather Weather Radar NOAA Weather More ways to shop: Visit an Apple Store, call 1-800-MY-APPLE, or find a reseller. Choose your country or region Copyright © 2019 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map