‎Weather⁺ on the App Store Global Nav Open Menu Global Nav Close Menu Apple Shopping Bag Search apple.com Cancel Apple Mac iPad iPhone Watch TV Music Support Shopping Bag Cancel App Store Preview This app is available only on the App Store for iPhone and iPad. Weather⁺ 4+ More Than Just the Weather! Impala Studios #44 in Weather 4.6, 79.5K Ratings Free Offers In-App Purchases Screenshots iPhone iPad Apple Watch Description Discover the weather, plan your day and stay informed! Simple, beautiful & accurate. Get detailed info and behold the current weather visualized with stunning weather videos. Check your city and multiple locations worldwide. Experience the weather with Weather+. WHY YOU’LL LOVE WEATHER+ • Forecast Daily & Hourly • Humidity, Precipitation, Pressure & Wind direction • Speed & Visibility details • Personalize your Forecast Layout • Visualized with realistic weather videos • Animated Flip Clock • Dark Mode • Split View for multitasking support • Full Apple Watch support DARK MODE Switch to Dark mode and enjoy the benefits! The Dark mode allows you to tone down the colors of your screen and let you experience the Weather in a dark environment. The dark mode protects your eyes from bright colors, saves battery power and helps you better focusing. GET FULL ACCESS Upgrade to a Premium Membership and receive the following ongoing value: • 100% Ad Free • Full access to all Weather Videos • Continuous Video Updates • Premium Customer Support The subscription is charged to your iTunes account at confirmation of purchase. Subscription is for a period of one month and automatically renews unless auto-renew is turned off at least 24-hours before the end of the current period. Your account will be charged for renewal within 24-hours prior to the end of the current period, and identify the cost of the renewal. Subscriptions may be managed by you and auto-renewal may be turned off by going to your Account Settings after purchase. The cancellation will take effect the day after the last day of the current subscription period, and you will be downgraded to the free service. Terms & Conditions: https://impalastudios.com/terms Privacy Policy: https://impalastudios.com/privacy WE LOVE FEEDBACK Please share your experience by giving a review or rating on the App Store. To improve our app for you we highly appreciate your; questions, feedback and suggestions. You can send it to Feedback@impalastudios.com. What’s New Version History Nov 5, 2019 Version 4.10.3 • Our prime goal is to improve continuously and make your experience better with every update; This version contains minor bug fixes. Thank you for your continued support! We highly appreciate your feedback, so don’t hesitate to contact us at feedback@impalastudios.com with any suggestions or questions. Ratings and Reviews 4.6 out of 5 79.5K Ratings 79.5K Ratings FindingANameTakesTooMuchTime , 10/08/2017 My GO-TO-WEATHER APP! Always has humidity! This seems to have a major effect on my health so I care about that whether it’s cool or hot. Simple, easy (quick) to read with info I can use, not like weathermaps and radar. What do I care about that? It’s the weatherman’s job to tell me whats to expect, at least in the next 24 hours, which is the most an individual may have to adapt to any weather since it is simply too changeable. Oh, and the Fahrenheit-Celsius option is spot on as I have Family in three different countries and I like to know how they’re coping with climate change. An app well-done! First1Man , 12/05/2017 Clean & Simple. Expensive! Very nice app. Straight forward info. Quick to load. Current data appears correct based on other app info. Will keep around for a few days to see if I still like it. The reasons for 3 stars: Like it as I may, could NEVER consider your subscription offer. 12 month subscription for $8.50 - just for simple data I can get through dozens of apps. Plus, there’s no imaging maps - no radar, no satellite...if you offered those and it was good implementation I’d consider your price as a one time fee. I’m with other reviewer that the clock takes up too much space. I’d rather see current temp and wind speed in that size. Also, the graphic could be a bit more elegant than two blocks. Working with it for a few days will probably bring up other thoughts. Pop ups are the worst ads to me. Not enticing in the least and makes me (and other of my friends) irritated. NOT the right feeling to get people in the mood to LIKE your product. Hope you find a happy medium with your pricing. Cheers. PumaPines , 08/30/2017 Beautiful, Accurate, Concise Terrific weather scenery behind a concise weather & time display. Weather videos show a variety of environments (mountains, tropical, forest, grasslands) and reflect the current weather. The only thing that I would suggest would be a live tile and/or widget to reflect the current time. The app tile now shows a clock... but it's not the current time. It would be great if that could be made active. Otherwise a great app! Thank you! Subscriptions See All The Full Weather+ Experience Ad-Free and all Real-Life Weather Videos $8.49 Information Seller Impala Studios B.V. Size 158.1 MB Category Weather Compatibility Requires iOS 9.0 and watchOS 3.0 or later. Compatible with iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch. Languages English, Dutch, French, German, Italian, Japanese, Korean, Russian, Simplified Chinese, Spanish, Swedish Age Rating 4+ Copyright © Impala Studios Price Free In-App Purchases Video Pack $0.99 Platinum Membership $0.99 Premium Membership Monthly $1.49 more Developer Website App Support Privacy Policy Developer Website App Support Privacy Policy Supports Family Sharing With Family Sharing set up, up to six family members can use this app. More By This Developer See All The Calculator ٞ Utilities Weather+ Weather Alarm Clock - My Music Alarms Utilities Alarm Clock HD - Pro Utilities Alarm Clock HD Utilities Calculator‘ Utilities You May Also Like See All WeatherBug – Weather Forecast Weather Gismeteo lite Weather Beautiful Weather & Alerts Weather Weather & Radar USA Weather Yahoo Weather Weather Weather Live゜ Weather More ways to shop: Visit an Apple Store, call 1-800-MY-APPLE, or find a reseller. Choose your country or region Copyright © 2019 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map