‎Windsor Star on the App Store Global Nav Open Menu Global Nav Close Menu Apple Shopping Bag Search apple.com/ca Cancel Apple Mac iPad iPhone Watch TV Music Support Shopping Bag Cancel App Store Preview This app is available only on the App Store for iPhone and iPad. Windsor Star 4+ Windsor Sports, News & Opinion Postmedia Network INC. #147 in Magazines & Newspapers 1.7, 46 Ratings Free Offers In-App Purchases Screenshots iPhone iPad Description The Windsor Star app for iPhone and iPad keeps you up to date throughout the day with breaking local, national and international news, stories that come to life through vivid photo and video galleries, for you to be part of news and information as it happens. • Breaking News Alerts: News as it happens. • Stories come to life: Award winning photos and unique videos. • Tap less – read more: Find relevant news faster with the “Related Topics” feature. • Spread the news: Share the latest news via email, Facebook and Twitter. iPhone users can continue to enjoy the latest stories and multimedia features without a subscription. iPad users can access 10 free articles every 30 days, to sample the wide variety of breaking news and special features – plus extensive photo and video coverage. Windsor Star home delivery print subscribers receive unlimited access to the Windsor Star on the iPad, included as part of their print subscription and can gain access by simply signing in with their existing Press+ account when prompted. If you’re not an existing print subscriber, you can easily subscribe through iTunes. Subscription Details for iPad Users • Monthly subscription cost: $9.99 plus applicable taxes. • Complete the subscription in iTunes. Payment will be charged to iTunes Account at confirmation of purchase. • No cancellation of the current subscription is allowed during active subscription period. • Subscription automatically renews unless auto-renew is turned off at least 24-hours before the end of the current period. • Account will be charged for $9.99 each month within 24-hours prior to the end of the current period. • Subscriptions may be managed and auto-renewal turned off by going to your Account Settings after purchase. • Privacy policy: http://www.canada.com/aboutus/privacy.html • Terms of use: http://www.canada.com/aboutus/termsofservice.html We appreciate and value your feedback. Please send any comments, suggestions or questions to: mobilesupport@postmedia.com What’s New Version History Mar 3, 2019 Version 4.7 Bug fixes and improvements Ratings and Reviews 1.7 out of 5 46 Ratings 46 Ratings 77bruinforever , 2019-10-26 Update app and policy Frozen app - nothing works When it working, there were no news updates on weekends nor Mondays. Why bother with this app? ThirteenBC , 2019-10-27 Frozen app App is frozen and doesn’t work? Allbby , 2019-10-20 Doesn’t update 2nd time in 2 weeks. App will not update. Screen touches don’t work Information Seller Postmedia Network Inc. Size 147.7 MB Category News Compatibility Requires iOS 9.0 or later. Compatible with iPhone, iPad and iPod touch. Languages English Age Rating 4+ Copyright © 2008 - 2017 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Price Free In-App Purchases The Windsor Star $9.99 App Support Privacy Policy App Support Privacy Policy Supports Family Sharing Up to six family members will be able to use this app with Family Sharing enabled. More By This Developer See All Canoe.com News Calgary Herald News Montreal Gazette News Leader-Post News StarPhoenix News Edmonton Journal News You May Also Like See All 680 NEWS Toronto News The Chronicle Herald News The Star News Maclean’s Magazine News CityNews Toronto News Toronto News News More ways to shop: Visit an Apple Store, call 1-800-MY-APPLE, or find a reseller. Canada (English) Français Copyright © 2019 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Use of Cookies Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map