‎WeatherBug – Weather Forecast on the App Store Global Nav Open Menu Global Nav Close Menu Apple Shopping Bag Search apple.com Cancel Apple Mac iPad iPhone Watch TV Music Support Shopping Bag Cancel App Store Preview This app is available only on the App Store for iPhone and iPad. WeatherBug – Weather Forecast 4+ Local Radar, Live Map, Alerts WeatherBug #5 in Weather 4.7, 708.5K Ratings Free Offers In-App Purchases Screenshots iPhone iPad Apple Watch Description Download the most popular free weather app powered by the largest professional weather network in the world! WeatherBug is easy to use and provides forecasts for your every need, from storm warnings to pollen levels. Our weather network delivers the fastest alerts and the best real-time forecasts (current, hourly and 10-day). The weather app has 18 different weather maps, including: Doppler radar, lightning, wind, temperature, alerts, pressure, and humidity. Join the millions who rely on WeatherBug for weather forecasts every day! “I love WeatherBug! It’s always accurate & is the first place I go for up-to-the minute weather!” –iOS User WEATHERBUG FEATURES: YOUR WEATHER FORECAST • Real-Time Pinpoint Forecasts: Get the most accurate current, hourly and 10-day weather forecasts • Enhanced Interactive Map: Visualize weather conditions with 18 weather maps • Lifestyle Forecasts: Know how the weather will impact your trips, workouts, allergies, chronic pain and much more • Weather Widget: Customize your alerts and display with weather widgets • Weather Alerts: get alerted to weather conditions and storms TRACK ANY CONDITION • North American Doppler Radar: Doppler radar across the US, Canada, Mexico, Alaska & Hawaii • PulseRad® Radar: radar for many international locations using patented Earth Networks Total Lightning Network® technology. • Spark Lightning Alerts: get minute-by-minute, mile-by-mile lightning proximity alerts • Hurricane Center: hurricane forecasts and changing conditions stay informed • Fire Center: global fire data to know when you are at risk • Winter Weather: Plan ahead with our 10-day snow depth forecast and stay safe in severe winter conditions with our real-time snow storm alerts MORE THAN JUST RAIN • Pollen Count: Keep your allergies in check by knowing what the local pollen conditions are like • Real-Time Traffic Conditions: View local traffic conditions to better plan your day • Air Quality: Get an in-depth look at the air quality around you • Precise Weather Details: Wind speed, UV index, weather observations and more LARGEST WEATHER NETWORK • Forecasts for 2.6 million+ locations worldwide • Largest total lightning detection network • 10,000+ professional-grade weather stations • Live weather & traffic cameras FASTEST WEATHER ALERTS • Get notified of severe weather 50% faster with our Dangerous Thunderstorm Alerts • Receive all NWS and NOAA watches and warnings APPLE WATCH SUPPORT • Get vital weather information directly on your Apple Watch, including alerts, glances, and complications CONNECT WITH US • Like us on Facebook - https://www.facebook.com/WeatherBug • Follow us on Twitter - @WeatherBug • Check us out on Instagram - @weatherbug • Check out WeatherBug's YouTube weather channel broadcast here: https://www.youtube.com/user/WeatherBugVideo Download the weather forecast app used and loved by millions, awarded the "Best Weather App" in 2019 and 2016 by Mediapost Appy Awards. Also, voted the “Best Weather App for iPads” by AppPicker, and “Best App for Moms” by Parent Magazine: WeatherBug! This app may include “Interest-Based Ads” (see https://www.weatherbug.com/legal/privacy#AC) for more information) and may collect or share “Precise Location Data” (see https://www.weatherbug.com/legal/privacy#PLD for more information). What’s New Version History Nov 11, 2019 Version 5.14.1 Additional enhancements in the latest version: Now you can customize your notification and alert preferences for each saved location. Also, get notifications about lightning strikes close to you. Love the app? Rate us! Thank you for your support! Ratings and Reviews 4.7 out of 5 708.5K Ratings 708.5K Ratings King of Rancho Cucamonga , 07/09/2018 Terribly slow and contradicting It’s horribly slow to load any new info without jumping through hoops. Start switching cities, close out of it completely to name a couple and the radar is spotty at best. What I mean is huge chunks of the radar image are missing, conveniently it’s usually missing around the area I’m trying to look at. Does me no good if the nearest radar image is 200 miles away. Also the hourly and the 10 day rarely if ever jive. 10 day forecast may say %80 chance of storms this afternoon, the hourly will say sunny the whole time with %0 chance of rain and I suppose I could check the radar but oh wait, it doesn’t work. This app used to be absolutely perfect when I first got it in 2012 but now it’s just a headache. It’d be great if you fixed it but it is free so I guess I shouldn’t complain too much. So a few days later they claimed to have looked into the issue and corrected it. I’m telling you I wish everyone worked like these guys! It’s fixed and works flawlessly! The level of support and attention they paid to my measly whining is outstanding. You guys are top notch, thank you. I work outside so having a good weather app is important and you guys are spot on Developer Response , Hi there! Thank you for your feedback. The WeatherBug team has noted all your feedback. We will definitely look into this issue and do our best to keep providing you with accurate weather information. Sorry for the inconvenience. We appreciate your continued support! xlemnrty , 12/03/2018 All weather apps seem to be inaccurate Is it me, or are others experiencing the same issues of inaccurate, not up-to-date weather no matter what app? It seems they all use the same local stations that must be very delayed in their updates to the various apps. Seriously ALWAYS off several degrees, and as for precipitation percentages, they’re so useless, I have begun to laugh at my own gullibility. A couple of mornings ago was so typical ... I wanted to take a bike ride and began looking at the forecast the prior evening showing ZERO chance of rain the next morning. Re-checked the next morning, and same ZERO % chance so I got dressed for my ride, pumped my tires, raised the garage door, when it began to rain ALL DAY. I re-checked the forecast an hour or so later, and the entire hourly forecast had changed. THE KICKER is that this same app has the audacity to provide a TEN DAY forecast 🤣🤣🤣. And almost as bad ... my gullibility to keep checking 🤔🤔🤔. Anyway, I think I’ll go back to the “stick my head out the door” method ... it’s more predictable. I get a bit of a chuckle when folks compare the presentation of info in reviews ... who cares about presentation if the data is unusable. Again ... this doesn’t seem to be a Weatherbug only issue as I have had the same experience with all four of the apps I’ve tried. It seems that the OLD-fashioned TV weather reports are more accurate the night before than the purported “real-time” weather apps. Developer Response , Hello, We are sorry to hear about your bad experience. We definitely want to look into this issue and make sure that it is corrected. Please send us an email to iphoneapps@weatherbug.com so that we can fix it for you.We appreciate your support. -WeatherBug Team TexGreenEyes , 06/28/2019 My favorite weather app is screwed up This has been my go-to weather app for years. It gets used multiple times a day, and has never given a hint of trouble. Scratch the glowing praises now because with this last update the app crashes on start-up. I followed the developer’s advice found in a response to someone else’s recent complaint and deleted/re-downloaded the app. Bad idea. The app started up once, and then promptly stopped working again, and I lost all my settings for no good reason. Come on, guys. Don’t let such a good app cause this much frustration. The second star I’m giving is based on my hope that you’ll get this fixed ASAP. Update: Shortly after I posted my review the app started working as expected. Then this morning, just 3 days later, it’s back to crashing at startup. I do not want to uninstall/reinstall again, as I did that before you suggested it in response to my original review. It didn’t work then. I hope this usually excellent app is mended soon. Update #2: It’s been about a week since my first update, and while the app is working better, it still occasionally crashes at startup. This happens about once every other day. I don’t know if it’s related, but the problem seems to occur when I first open the app and I’m not on wifi. Anyway, I’ve updated my stars accordingly. Developer Response , Hi, We are really sorry to hear about your bad experience. We’d really appreciate it if you can send us an email to iphoneapps@weatherbug.com so we can understand the problem better and try to fix it! Thank you for your time. - WeatherBug Team Information Seller xAd, Inc. Size 244.9 MB Category Weather Compatibility Requires iOS 9.0 and watchOS 2.0 or later. Compatible with iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch. Languages English, French, German, Japanese, Portuguese, Spanish Age Rating 4+ Location This app may use your location even when it isn't open, which can decrease battery life. Copyright © WeatherBug Price Free In-App Purchases Get Ad-Free Weather $2.99 Developer Website App Support License Agreement Privacy Policy Developer Website App Support License Agreement Privacy Policy Supports Family Sharing With Family Sharing set up, up to six family members can use this app. More By This Developer See All WeatherBug Elite Weather You May Also Like See All Weather - The Weather Channel Weather AccuWeather: Weather Radar Weather MyRadar Weather Radar Weather Weather Underground Weather Weather Radar NOAA Weather NOAA Weather Radar Live Weather More ways to shop: Visit an Apple Store, call 1-800-MY-APPLE, or find a reseller. Choose your country or region Copyright © 2019 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map