‎Yahoo Weather on the App Store Global Nav Open Menu Global Nav Close Menu Apple Shopping Bag Search apple.com Cancel Apple Mac iPad iPhone Watch TV Music Support Shopping Bag Cancel App Store Preview This app is available only on the App Store for iPhone and iPad. Yahoo Weather 4+ Yahoo #21 in Weather 4.4, 11.3K Ratings Free Screenshots iPhone iPad Apple Watch Description Experience the weather | Apple Design Award, 2013 Prepare for your day with the most accurate hourly, 5-day, and 10-day forecasts. Stunning Flickr photos match your location, time of day, and current conditions. Favorite features: -Get all the details: wind, pressure, and chance of precipitation. -Experience weather conditions for rain, snow, fog and extreme heat with animated weather effects. -See animated sunrise, sunset, wind, and pressure modules. -Browse interactive maps: radar, satellite, heat, and snow. -Track all your favorite cities and destinations! -Twice daily notifications help you be prepared, whatever the weather. -Experience weather conditions for rain, snow, fog and extreme heat with animated weather effects. -Accessibility: Enabled for VoiceOver. Optimized for color contrast. Supports Dynamic Type (large text sizes). Enabled for switch control, physical keyboards, and alternate input devices. Helpful tips: -Scroll down for detailed weather information. -Tap the plus sign to add up to 20 cities. -Swipe left-to-right to move between locations. -Submit your photos to Yahoo Weather by joining #projectweather on Flickr. What people are saying: "It’s a million impressive little things. It’s the blurring of the background; its the subtle parallax scroll when flipping between cities; it’s the way the windmills spin faster or slower based on the actual current windspeed." - Greg Kumparak, TechCrunch Tell us what you think: We are committed to building the best mobile experiences and would love to hear your feedback. Let us know your thoughts here: https://help.yahoo.com/kb/weather What’s New Version History Oct 28, 2019 Version 1.26.3 Bug fixes and performance improvements. Ratings and Reviews 4.4 out of 5 11.3K Ratings 11.3K Ratings Editors’ Notes An elegant blend of striking photography and nuanced information, Yahoo’s interactive weather app will delight you every time you open it. Expanding the wonderfully streamlined interface reveals a 10-day forecast, heat and wind maps, and other handy displays, while a quick swipe lets you instantly check the temperature in another favorite location. Kischa333 , 12/11/2017 Nicely laid out I've tried several weather apps, and there are some nice features that make this one my overall favorite so far. First of, design-wise, I really like the background photos selected from Flickr. Much nicer than seeing the san he background all the time. The main design feature I like its that all the info, hourly forecast, daily forecast, etc, are all in one screen. You just have to scroll to u find what you need, unlike some of the other apps I've tried, where you have to tap around and open different screens to see different info, of course navigating around introduce ads. As for accuracy, we haven't had much actual weather since I've been using the app, but so far it's been pretty accurate. KAP_PApeach , 09/21/2017 Detailed and accurate I have not tried a whole lot of weather apps, but I did read about several before choosing one. The reason I tried this one is first, that it is free. Second, it is detailed with many options and as far as I can tell, seems very accurate. I love all the little animations that it adds for effect. Like showing the windmills spinning according to how fast the wind is blowing, and showing the sun moving across until it hits the area that it currently is at in the sky. There is a map of the area at the bottom that has several options for viewing such a satellite and radar. You can add and delete cities and move them around as you like. It gives a 10 day forecast. And a beautiful picture to go with each city. For a free app, this one is very impressive. And the advertisements that are inevitable with a free app, are non-intrusive. They show up as a section of their own as you scroll down through the various sections of each city. So you simply scroll past them and it is no big deal. They do not interfere with viewing. Editors’ Notes An elegant blend of striking photography and nuanced information, Yahoo’s interactive weather app will delight you every time you open it. Expanding the wonderfully streamlined interface reveals a 10-day forecast, heat and wind maps, and other handy displays, while a quick swipe lets you instantly check the temperature in another favorite location. Information Seller Yahoo! Inc. Size 143.9 MB Category Weather Compatibility Requires iOS 11.0 and watchOS 2.0 or later. Compatible with iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch. Languages English, Arabic, Bengali, Bulgarian, Catalan, Croatian, Czech, Danish, Dutch, Estonian, Filipino, Finnish, French, German, Greek, Gujarati, Hebrew, Hindi, Hungarian, Indonesian, Irish, Italian, Japanese, Kannada, Korean, Latvian, Lithuanian, Malay, Malayalam, Marathi, Norwegian Bokmål, Polish, Portuguese, Romanian, Russian, Serbian, Simplified Chinese, Slovak, Slovenian, Spanish, Swedish, Tamil, Telugu, Thai, Traditional Chinese, Turkish, Ukrainian, Urdu, Vietnamese Age Rating 4+ Location This app may use your location even when it isn't open, which can decrease battery life. Copyright © Copyright (C) 2013, Yahoo! Inc. All rights reserved. Price Free App Support License Agreement Privacy Policy App Support License Agreement Privacy Policy Supports Family Sharing With Family Sharing set up, up to six family members can use this app. More By This Developer See All Yahoo Sports: Watch Live NFL Sports Yahoo News: Live Breaking News News Yahoo Finance Finance Yahoo Fantasy Football & more Sports Yahoo Search Reference Yahoo Mail - Organized Email Productivity You May Also Like See All Weather - The Weather Channel Weather AccuWeather: Weather Radar Weather Weather⁺ Weather Weather & Radar USA Weather Weather Live゜ Weather NOAA Weather Radar Live Weather More ways to shop: Visit an Apple Store, call 1-800-MY-APPLE, or find a reseller. Choose your country or region Copyright © 2019 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map