‎Yr.no on the App Store Global Nav Open Menu Global Nav Close Menu Apple Shopping Bag Search apple.com Cancel Apple Mac iPad iPhone Watch TV Music Support Shopping Bag Cancel App Store Preview This app is available only on the App Store for iPhone and iPad. Yr.no 4+ NRK #183 in Weather 4.3, 82 Ratings Free Screenshots iPhone iPad Apple Watch Description New Yr on iPhone and iPad is different from anything else you’ve seen in weather forecasting: Scroll through a beautiful and animated sky to see how the weather changes hourly, and get all the need-to-know details at the same time. The weather visualization makes it a fun experience to check the weather – even when it’s raining! Forecasts are delivered by the Norwegian Meteorological Institute. NEW APP FEATURES: • Weather conditions in a visualized 48-hour forecast, with animated clouds, rain, snow and fog + details about wind, temperature and severe weather warnings. • Long term forecast in table – hour by hour the first three days. • Graph with more details on weather, temperature, wind and pressure. • Live 90-minute precipitation forecast – our most accurate and updated rain forecast (only in Norway). • Weather summary text. • Choose the look of your widget • Easy navigation between sky view, table and graph. • Weather from 10 million places around the world with option to save your favorite places. ABOUT US: Yr is a weather service jointly produced by NRK and the Norwegian Meteorological Institute. Our primary goals are to secure life and property, while delivering useful and accurate weather forecasts to our users, preparing them for all kinds of weather. This year we are celebrating our ten-year anniversary, and with millions of users every day we are proud of being one of the most popular weather services in the world. What’s New Version History Nov 27, 2019 Version 4.2.1 You can now view data from observation stations at the top of the table. Support for dark mode. Bug fixes for iOS 13. Ratings and Reviews 4.3 out of 5 82 Ratings 82 Ratings fluffyfoxfriend , 08/10/2019 One missing feature The only thing it’s missing is humidity. Do they not have humid days in Norway? Other than that, it’s the best weather app in here. buzz.aldrin , 12/30/2018 Fantastic weather app This app is the best weather app I have encountered to date. I love the Sky animation showing not only the cloud coverage but also the moon phase, moon rise, transit and setting time. This app is also the only free weather app that doesn’t sell your location information to advertising agencies. Fantastic weather app all around human6 , 04/09/2018 it won't keep my edits for "My places" This version has broken the list of locations under "My places". It used to work. There is a little pencil to indicate editing the list, and you can hold and drag to change the order of the places in the list. But it doesn't keep the order. It looks like it is always reverting to alphabetical order. As a result, it will not ever start with my preferred location. It always shows a different location. For example, if I add "St. Louis (Missouri)" and "Albuquerque" to "My places", then it always starts with Albuquerque, and reverts to Albuquerque, even if I go back to the list and click on St. Louis. This makes it completely inconvenient. Otherwise, I really like it. Information Seller Norsk Rikskringkasting As Size 383.8 MB Category Weather Compatibility Requires iOS 10.3 and watchOS 4.2 or later. Compatible with iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch. Languages English, Norwegian Bokmål, Norwegian Nynorsk Age Rating 4+ Location This app may use your location even when it isn't open, which can decrease battery life. Copyright © 2007-2018 NRK Price Free Developer Website App Support Privacy Policy Developer Website App Support Privacy Policy Supports Family Sharing With Family Sharing set up, up to six family members can use this app. More By This Developer See All NRK TV Entertainment NRK Radio Music NRK News Fantorangen Entertainment Svar-o-meter Entertainment NRK Super Snøfall Games You May Also Like See All Windfinder Weather VG Pent.no Weather Weather & Radar USA Weather iRadar CZ+ Weather Weather from DMI and YR Weather meteoblue Weather More ways to shop: Visit an Apple Store, call 1-800-MY-APPLE, or find a reseller. Choose your country or region Copyright © 2019 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map