‎ZYRTEC® ALLERGYCAST® on the App Store Global Nav Open Menu Global Nav Close Menu Apple Shopping Bag Search apple.com Cancel Apple Mac iPad iPhone Watch TV Music Support Shopping Bag Cancel App Store Preview This app is available only on the App Store for iPhone and iPad. ZYRTEC® ALLERGYCAST® 4+ McNeil-PPC, Inc 2.0, 114 Ratings Free Screenshots iPhone iPad Description Wondering how today’s allergy forecast will affect your seasonal allergies? Are your seasonal allergies so bad that you always check the pollen count and allergy map before you head out? The ZYRTEC® ALLERGYCAST® app helps you track your local pollen index each day and see how pollen might really make you feel with ALLERGY IMPACT. It’s like a real-feel allergy forecast for your allergies. How ALLERGY IMPACT Works Unlike static maps and figures, ALLERGY IMPACT analyzes weather information from 41,000 zip codes, search and social media trends to tell you how the pollen count may make you feel. It uses multiple factors to determine whether or not the pollen count could affect your allergies. If the ALLERGY IMPACT for the day is higher than the pollen count, you might feel allergy symptoms like sneezing and itchy eyes more than you’d expect. If it is lower, your allergies might not feel as bad as the pollen count suggests that day. Here is how ZYRTEC® ALLERGYCAST® with ALLERGY IMPACT can help you better manage your day: • Daily ALLERGY IMPACT and pollen count to help you plan your day. • Hourly, 10-day weather, and allergy forecasts in one place. • Enhanced symptom tracking to help you learn what is making you sneeze. • Multiple profiles to track your symptoms and those of loved ones. • Customizable notifications alert you when pollen is high in your area. • Updates on how pollen is affecting other allergy sufferers in your area. What’s New Version History Aug 5, 2019 Version 4.0.10 Layout improvements and bug fixes Ratings and Reviews 2.0 out of 5 114 Ratings 114 Ratings superstition rose , 12/22/2018 Strange app I’m not sure the point. I thought it would help me track symptoms and correlate that with the air quality status with regard to pollens, dust etc. there doesn’t appear to be a way to go back and pull data from previous days. Other parts are equally unclear. There is a symptom input panel on a screen that gives a score that the pollen counts are essentially at the max amount, yet the provide some arbitrary score that tells me that I shouldn’t have any symptoms because that same measured amount is not high. I deleted it. I’ll use my accuweather app to track the amounts and keep my own data in Numbers spreadsheet. Nicknames r awl taken , 05/12/2017 No notifications! This used to be a great app till several months ago when location settings stopped working. Also notifications stopped coming in although I had everything set properly. So I deleted and re-installed a few times. Still didn't work. I installed it again last week, and so far Location is working, wish I could say the same for notifications. STILL NOT getting them! Please please please fix this so notifications will work! There's much to love about this app if the location settings and notifications would work. Sharon_G , 08/17/2019 Good concept; terrible execution First, the latest release of this product has completely broken it. There is no data feed, only a “null” where the allergy index is supposed to show up. This is the one thing that this is supposed to be able to provide. Please hire some QA! Second, in the 2 years I’ve had this app as a reference I have never been able to learn anything about my allergies. They have a tracking mechanism but I won’t look at a set of data points in a week or a month. And it won’t track data by location If you miss a single day or hop on a plane all your data is wiped. So many apps out here no how to do this - this Dev team should just go copy one of them and get it right. Information Seller McNeil-PPC, Inc Size 31.9 MB Category Weather Compatibility Requires iOS 10.3 or later. Compatible with iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch. Languages English Age Rating 4+ Copyright © McNEIL-PPC, Inc. 2009 All rights reserved. Price Free Developer Website App Support Privacy Policy Developer Website App Support Privacy Policy Supports Wallet Get all of your passes, tickets, cards, and more in one place. Family Sharing With Family Sharing set up, up to six family members can use this app. You May Also Like See All EPA AIRNow Weather WJLA StormWatch7 Weather Weather Aare Schwumm Weather Sailing Weather Weather myWeather - Live Local Weather Weather 70 °F Weather More ways to shop: Visit an Apple Store, call 1-800-MY-APPLE, or find a reseller. Choose your country or region Copyright © 2019 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map