‘America’s Got Talent’ judges Julianne Hough and Gabrielle Union get the ax | Saskatoon StarPhoenix	 Skip to navigation Skip to content News All News Local News Saskatchewan Politics Election 2019 National World Business All Business Local Business Energy Mining Mortgages Money Technology All Technology Gaming Internet Personal Tech Science Space Tech-Biz FP Markets Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Local Sports All Local Sports U of S Huskies Saskatoon Hilltops Hockey All Hockey NHL Saskatoon Blades Football All Football CFL Saskatchewan Roughriders NFL Baseball Basketball All Basketball NBA NCAA Golf Golf Videos Soccer All Soccer International Soccer MLS MMA Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies Television All Television TV Listings Music All Music NP Music Books Celebrity Life All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes All Homes Buying & Selling Condos Decorating Gardening Renovating Vacation Homes Living Spaces Food All Food Local Food Reviews Recipes Health All Health Diet & Fitness Family & Child Men Women Seniors Sexual Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Festivals Travel Bridges Puzzles & Comics Obits Classifieds All Classifieds Flyercity Celebrating Browse Listings Place a Classifieds Ad Local Directory Careers Driving All Driving News Reviews Car Comparison Buyer’s Guide Subscription Arts Television TV Listings |Featured: StarPhoenix Sporting Christmas Canada's growing obesity crisis TheGrowthOp: Cannabis in Canada Saskatchewan Rush New Faces Election 2019 Cannabis Broncos bus crash Videos The Royals Follow the Money People Project Spotlight | More Open Search Close Search Search Videos Sign In Sign Out Subscribe ‘America's Got Talent’ judges Julianne Hough and Gabrielle Union get the ax American Media Inc. Updated: November 24, 2019 Share Adjust Comment Print Time’s up for Gabrielle Union and Julianne Hough. The former America’s Got Talent judges will not be making a return to the competition show next year, but their male counterparts Simon Cowell, Howie Mandel and host Terry Crews will still be helming the NBC show. Readers know that Union and Hough are not the first to leave the AGT scene. In fact, the hosts were replacements for Heidi Klum and Mel B, who have both worked as judges since 2013. Klum reportedly left the talent show because the network wanted to “change things up.” “It was a network decision. The show does well because it has no problem adding new people and making changes,” a source told Entertainment Tonight at the time. The model herself described her time on the show as an “incredible experience” adding she will miss everyone and “will be watching and voting from home.” Mel B’s departure wasn’t a complete surprise to readers. In one episode the 42-year-old had a “staged” fight with Cowell after his insensitive comments about her failed marriage. RadarOnline.com also reported she was uncertain of her future with the show. “I am currently a judge on the NBC television show, America’s Got Talent. I am currently in contract until the end of October 2018. I do not know if I will be asked back as a Judge on America’s Got Talent or if they will renew my contract,” the former Spice Girl said. Additionally, there were talks that producers were so fed up with Mel B’s constant demands and huge salary that they were considering Queen Latifah as her replacement. In light of Klum and Mel B’s exit from the show, Cowell assured that it had nothing to do with their judging capabilities. “It wasn’t like it wasn’t working. Everyone who’s been on the show over the years, judge or host, has done a brilliant job. It’s just one of those shows where I think occasionally they just like to rotate the panel,” he told USA Today. Tyra Banks briefly hosted the show when Nick Cannon resigned following threats of termination from NBC executives who disapproved of racial slurs he made on a comedy special. However, according to Us Weekly, she left soon after “on her own volition.” “Tyra’s leaving on her own volition and because she wants to produce and act more,” a source told Us. “She likes to produce and create.” As for former AGT judge Howard Stern, he was replaced with Cowell who he accused of encouraging executives to fire Stern from America’s Got Talent, and hire him to take his place. The two are still going back and forth to this day. Related Howard Stern slams Simon Cowell as ‘sleazebag’ and ‘liar’ 'America's Got Talent' winner Terry Fator's mom files lawsuit against him Tyra Banks leaving 'America's Got Talent'  Saskatoon police lip sync video finishes 3rd in U.S. competition This Week's Flyers Comments Postmedia is pleased to bring you a new commenting experience. We are committed to maintaining a lively but civil forum for discussion and encourage all readers to share their views on our articles. Comments may take up to an hour for moderation before appearing on the site. We ask you to keep your comments relevant and respectful. Visit our Community Guidelines for more information. Sign in to Comment Connect With Us Business of Health This section was created by Content Works, Postmedia’s commercial content division, on behalf of an Innovative Medicines Canada company. x Sponsored by an Innovative Medicines Canada company Sponsored: How innovative therapies offer hope for cancer sufferers Sponsored: a preventative lifeline throughout history Sponsored: Protecting Canadians’ access to medicine Sponsored: She was diagnosed with Stage 4 cancer on Mother’s Day Don't Miss Arts Crime Bill Cosby rails against mainstream media in Thanksgiving Twitter rant Music Alanis Morissette reveals 'Jagged Little Pill' 25th anniversary tour dates Celebrity Billy Dee Williams says he's gender fluid, sees himself as 'feminine as well as masculine' Suit Yourself Sponsored by INDOCHINO The spring trifecta: Three ways to diversify your suit collection Groom finds perfectly fitting wedding suit at a great price Whether online or brick and mortar, Indochino CEO Drew Green sees customization and personality as ... 5 Simple Steps To Take Care of Your Suit Close Daily Headline News Thank you for subscribing to Postmedia's Newsletter. Email By clicking "Submit", I consent to receiving the above communication from Postmedia Network Inc. I understand that I may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. Submit Weather Weather Currently Feels Like We want you to have the most accurate weather report you can. Please enter a valid postal code Share this story ‘America's Got Talent’ judges Julianne Hough and Gabrielle Union get the ax Facebook Twitter Reddit Email Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn News All News Local News Saskatchewan Politics National World Business All Business Local Business Energy Mining Mortgages Money Technology FP Markets Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Local Sports Hockey Football Baseball Basketball Golf Soccer MMA Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies Television Music Books Celebrity Life All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes Food Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Festivals Travel Bridges Puzzles & Comics 365 Bloor St East, Toronto, ON, M4W3L4, www.postmedia.com © 2019 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Classifieds Obits Careers Browse Classifieds Place an Ad Driving FlyerCity Local Directory Legal Privacy – Updated Terms Copyright Digital Ad Registry Services Advertise With Us Subscribe My Subscription Edit Profile Contact ePaper Digital Access Contests NIE Properties Calgary Herald Canada.com Edmonton Journal London Free Press Montreal Gazette National Post Ottawa Citizen Leader-Post (Regina) The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun Windsor Star